---
collected_at: 2026-04-08T02:29:01.572295+00:00
source_group: personal_site
source_id: personal_site_about
source_type: personal_site_page
title: About Blake Mycoskie Social Entrepreneur & Mental Wellness Advocate
url: https://blakemycoskie.com/about
---

About Blake Mycoskie Social Entrepreneur & Mental Wellness Advocate
home enough connect speaking about no magic pill
connect speaking enough photography Home about
no magic pill
toms / enough founder.
portrait photographer.
dad.
seeker.
adventurer.
grateful human.
lover of life.
meet BLAKE
lover of life
blake
meet
the groundbreaking shoe
company that pioneered the
"one for one" model.
for or every pair sold,
toms donated a pair to a child
in need, sparking a generation of conscious consumers
and reframing corporate responsibility as both
cool and essential.
the groundbreaking shoe company that pioneered the
"one for one" model. for or every pair sold, toms donated a pair to a child in need, sparking a generation of conscious consumers and reframing corporate responsibility
as both cool and essential.
blake mycoskie is a lifelong seeker and entrepreneur, most widely known as the
founder of toms shoes,
blake mycoskie is a lifelong seeker and entrepreneur, most widely known as the founder of toms shoes,
he launched five businesses outside of toms and authored the new york times bestseller Start something That matters, a call to action for entrepreneurs to align profit with purpose.
he launched five businesses outside of toms and authored
the new york times bestseller 'start something that matters,'
a call to action for entrepreneurs to align profit with purpose.
beyond toms, blake has devoted his career to building ventures
that drive meaningful change.
beyond toms, blake has devoted his career to building ventures that drive meaningful change.
his deep passion for philanthropy and innovative approaches to business have inspired countless individuals and companies to reimagine what impact can look like.
through every venture, blake has remained guided by spiritual principles, intuition, and a deep commitment to service.
his story is not just about building a global brand,  but about the pursuit of meaning, resilience, and personal growth, as well as the belief that business can be a force for good.
force for good.
his story is not just about building a global brand,  but about the pursuit of meaning, resilience, and personal growth, as well as the belief that business can be a,,,
follow blake's journey
carpe diem
“carpe diem - if i do that, then i’m giving the most i can to what ive been given.”
“carpe diem - if i do that, then i’m giving the most i can to what i’ve been given.”
“carpe diem - if i do that, then i’m giving the most i can to what i've been given.”
Blake sits with Gayle King to discuss the journey that led to him creating the new brand ENOUGH.
blake on cbs mornings show with gayle king
follow "weareenough" on instagram
follow instagram
ENOUGH is here to push back against the idea that we have to earn our worth. Share your story and follow along Blake's newest venture.
Keep Up with the Latest
10 things i wish i knew about depression earlier
read more
Here are a few things I wish I had understood sooner about depression.
Learn About Blakes Journey
my story
blake is ready to share what he's been working on
see more
From the outside, my life looked perfect.
From the inside, I was struggling. After selling the company, the emptiness got louder, not quieter.
It eventually led me to the darkest moment of my life.
That moment forced me to stop chasing what I thought would fix me and start doing the hard work of healing. And slowly, I came back not as a founder or a public figure, but as a human being. Along the way, I learned the truth that saved my life:
I am enough."
"too many apps open"
when overstimulation disguises itself as productivity
My son caught me the other day.
He looked over my shoulder, shook his head, and said, “Dad, you’ve got like forty apps open. No wonder your battery’s always dead.” I laughed, but that line stuck to my ribs. Because the truth is, my life feels like that most days.
A dozen projects open, messages half-replied to, new ideas flashing like notifications. Everything buzzing for my attention. It’s not that I don’t love what I do because I do.
But I’m starting to see that even passion has a cost if it’s not managed.
Check out Blake's latest on Substack!
"i learned one of the biggest lessons of my life after my first “big” failure. "
And for the first time in my life, I fell into a real depression.
It wasn’t the money. It wasn’t the failure.
It was feeling like the dream wasn’t done… but I couldn’t figure out how to keep going. Looking back, that season taught me more than any success ever could. Sometimes the world says “not this way.”
Read More On Instagram
"what a difference a year makes "
My healing journey didn't come with one big breakthrough moment. It was slow, quiet, and even messy at times. It was a process of learning to stop resisting and finally seek the help I deeply needed.
Today, a year later, I feel lighter, clearer, and more grounded than ever.
Last summer, I felt utterly lost. Anxious thoughts consumed me, and my depression hit an all-time low.
blake featured on rich roll's podcast
Blake sits down with Rich Roll to discuss his career and unique spiritual perspective on
all things business, opportunity, and personal growth.
watch interview
blake on cbs
morning show with gayle king
Blake sits with Gayle King to discuss the journey that led to him creating  ENOUGH
Enough is here to push back against the idea that we have to earn our worth.
learn about blake's journey
Blake is finally ready to share what he's been working on
read substack
"i learned one of the biggest lessons of my life after my first “big” failure.
Sometimes the world says “not this way.”
And that “no” becomes the soil for everything that comes next
go to instagram
watch blake featured on
rich roll's podcast
What started as one man’s healing journey to redefine his own worth became something much larger; a commitment to helping others remember theirs.
ENOUGH
learn about blake's new venture...
learn more
talks, projects, and a handful of ideas blake probably shouldn’t send in an email - but will anyways.
plus a big announcement you’ll
want to hear first.
don't miss
the good sh*t
Email address
Subscribe
plus a big announcement you’ll want to hear first.
ABOUT no magic pill speaking INSTAGRAM SUBSTACK linkedin contact accessibility  get notified when we do cool sh*t
connect
home projects
all rights reserved. blake mycoskie 2025. Privacy policy  terms of use
PHOTOGRAPHY
