---
collected_at: 2026-04-08T02:29:01.572295+00:00
source_group: personal_site
source_id: personal_site_no-magic-pill-pod
source_type: personal_site_page
title: No Magic Pill Podcast by Blake Mycoskie | Mental Wellness
url: https://blakemycoskie.com/no-magic-pill-pod
---

No Magic Pill Podcast by Blake Mycoskie | Mental Wellness
home enough connect speaking about no magic pill
connect speaking enough photography Home about
no magic pill
Pill
No
Magic
Podcast Coming Soon...
sign up for updates
Podcast Coming
Soon...
A podcast exploring the intersection of research, resilience, and real human stories - guiding us toward lasting change.
Featured Guests...
chip conley
matthew mcconaughey
kevin love
and many more...
each week, we will explore proven practices and honest stories, showing not just that change is possible, but how to bring it to life.
no magic pill is a podcast where real conversations happen - with scientists, healers, and seekers who are reimagining mental wellness.
Topics Blake's Covering ...
topics blake's covering...
psychedelics
travel
science
reflection
community
energy
spirituality
photography
Thankfully I didn’t, and instead went on a long healing journey-
trying everything from therapy, plant medicine, neurofeedback, TMS, ashrams, pharmaceuticals (getting on and getting off), hypnosis, and more.
That path led me to create a space where i can help others
find their way to mental wellness.
- Blake
A few years ago, in the middle of what looked like the height of my success
after selling TOMS Shoes and helping give 100 million pairs of shoes to children in need,
I was battling depression. It got so bad that I almost took my life.
A few years ago, in the middle of what looked like the height of my success after selling TOMS Shoes and helping give 100 million
pairs of shoes to children in need,
I was battling depression.
It got so bad that I almost took my life.
A Word
From Blake
A Word From Blake
Sign Up
For Podcast
Updates
Email address
Subscribe
when overstimulation disguises itself as productivity
Check Out Blake's Substack
Too Many Apps Open
a true story about mushrooms, animals, and finally seeing myself clearly
letting go of chaos
to find peace.
When the Ego Gets Bored, it Starts a Fire
I Thought I was a Peacock, but Turns Out I was a Woodpecker
" When the Ego Gets Bored, it
Starts a Fire"
Read More on Substack
My son caught me the other day.
He looked over my shoulder, shook his head, and said,
“Dad, you’ve got like forty apps open. No wonder your battery’s always dead.”
I laughed, but that line stuck to my ribs.
Because the truth is, my life feels like that most days.
letting go of chaos to find peace.
He said something that stuck: “The ego needs something to fix.” I felt that in my gut. Because looking back, so many of the “problems” I’ve carried weren’t just bad luck or fate. I created them. My ego set the fire, then handed me a bucket of water and told me I was a hero for putting it out.
The truth hit me during a beautiful session with a healer I have been seeing as part of my ongoing recovery from depression. We were talking about the cycles I’ve gone through: success, chaos, drama, depression, and most recently peace.
I used to think my spirit animal had to be something obvious.
A wolf, maybe. Or a panther. Or even a peacock- bright, admired, unforgettable.
The kind of animal people look at and go, “Wow.”
And if I’m being honest, I wanted to be a “wow” animal. I wanted that to be my reflection. That kind of power. That kind of presence.
“I Thought I was a Peacock, but Turns out I was a Woodpecker"
toms / enough founder.
portrait photographer.
dad.
seeker.
adventurer.
grateful human.
lover of life
learn more get to know blake
toms founder.
blake
learn more
get to know
ABOUT no magic pill speaking INSTAGRAM SUBSTACK linkedin contact accessibility  get notified when we do cool sh*t
connect
enough
home projects
all rights reserved. blake mycoskie 2025. Privacy policy  terms of use
