---
channel: The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon
collected_at: 2026-04-08T01:40:49.427728+00:00
original_input_url: https://youtu.be/s6msveTjZXQ?si=Zve6APw9VXddJ5Nw
published_at: 20181120
source_group: youtube
source_id: youtube_s6msveTjZXQ
source_type: youtube_auto_caption
title: Toms Founder Blake Mycoskie Announces $5 Million Donation to End Gun Violence
uploader: The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s6msveTjZXQ
---

-Blake. -Wow.
-Thank you for being on the show.
And I am a fan of Toms and the whole idea behind Toms,
but that is not your name.
-No, let's clear that up right now.
-Yeah, no.
But it could have been Blake's, but not really.
-No, when I decided to start it,
I said if we sell a pair of shoes today,
we're going to give away a pair of shoes tomorrow.
And then they were called Tomorrow Shoes,
but then I couldn't fit "Tomorrows" on this damn tag.
[ Laughter ]
-So it became Toms. -So it became Toms.
-People call me Tom all the time.
-And you're fine with people calling you Tom?
-Yeah, but I'm hoping now that I'm on this show --
-They'll call you Blake. -Yeah, in the airport tomorrow,
people are going to call me Blake.
It's gonna be a good day. -Yeah, it is Blake.
Founder of Toms. [ Cheers and applause ]
So, just quickly, tell me kind of the story.
It was 12 years ago you started Toms?
-12 years ago, I was in Argentina traveling.
I saw many children without shoes.
I wanted to do something to help them.
And I said, "What if we start a shoe company where every time
we sold a pair of shoes we would give a pair away?"
One for one. Really simple idea.
I was in my apartment at the time.
And now we've given 86 million children a pair of shoes.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Just like -- I mean, I would have --
-Isn't it amazing that you're saying that?
Isn't that so cool?
-To even say that out loud, just right now,
it feels like an out-of-body experience.
-But I mean, when you were there, did it just take off
as soon as you go, "Hey, we're doing this thing"?
-People just -- when we said --
We put this intention out to the world.
We said when you buy a pair, we're gonna give a pair.
You get to be an activist, you get to be giver,
and people showed up.
-And you've taken this and taken it to the next level.
I'm just so happy that... -Thank you.
-...that you exist on this planet.
You're doing a new thing -- -Yeah!
-Yeah, sure, you can give it up. It's good.
[ Cheers and applause ]
That's exactly what you should be doing. It's awesome.
Tonight you have a whole new campaign tonight
that you're going to announce with us.
-First time ever.
-And I will be the first one ever to do this.
But explain what's happening.
-So -- All right. I'm emotional.
12 days ago, the shootings happened in Thousand Oaks.
And my wife called me and she was scared,
and she said "I'm not taking our son to school today."
This happened two weeks ago in a synagogue,
in a yoga studio.
And someone has to do something about it.
And I got off the phone with her and I was emotional.
And I sat there and I thought and I said, "You know what?
Damn it, we're going to do something about it."
So tonight we're announcing
that we're going to evolve our giving model.
So Toms not only will continue to give shoes,
but we will give considerable resources to the causes
and the most important issues of our time.
And we're going to start by giving $5 million
to the most amazing organizations
who are working hard on the ground every day
to end gun violence.
And this will be the single largest corporate gift
to end gun violence in the history of the United States.
[ Cheers and applause ]
-That's awesome, dude.
That's awesome. That's awesome.
[ Cheers and applause ]
That's awesome, dude. -Thank you.
-It's so awesome.
It's so awesome that you're doing this.
So, along with that as well, you have a new thing
that's launching actually tonight, right now.
Right now, if you go to toms.com --
-Let me tell you about it. -Yeah.
-The most important thing, we can give money,
and other companies I'm hoping will join us too.
But the most important is we give every American
the opportunity to act.
So, we developed a technology, just in the last four days,
it's on toms.com right now.
You can go on there, and in less than 30 seconds,
you can send a physical postcard to your representative
by putting your address in.
That postcard will go to your representative,
urging them to do one thing --
let's pass universal background checks.
This is something that 90% of Americans are in favor of.
And you can do it in 30 seconds or less on toms.com.
[ Cheers and applause ]
-I love that you're doing this.
Four days ago this did not exist.
-This didn't exist four days ago.
We've had some amazing humans
that have come together to make this possible.
We want to make sure that every single American --
because if every single American makes an action like this,
Congress will listen.
I know they will because 90% of Americans
want universal background checks to keep us safe.
-Background checks, guys, come on.
So I want to --
-And you're gonna do it first?
-I'd be honored to be the first postcard that goes out.
You kidding me? -Yes.
[ Cheers and applause ]
-Here's an iPad.
I'm putting all my information in.
This is just -- It says your e-mail, your address.
You can see I put my address and stuff in there.
I don't want to show it on national television, obviously.
[ Laughter ]
But for this cause I actually would, really.
But I'm going to press -- all you do is,
you type that in there and then you press submit.
And then, will I see something come up?
-Yeah. See?
There you go. You just did it.
You sent the first postcard right now to Congress.
[ Cheers and applause ]
-It's an amazing thing that you're doing, dude.
I love you. I'm so happy.
I'm so happy that you're doing this.
One more cool thing that you're doing --
it's great for everybody here tonight
and will also help people all over the world.
Everyone in the audience is going home
with a $100 Toms gift card.
Happy holidays, everybody. [ Cheers and applause ]
My thanks to Blake Mycoskie!
[ Cheers and applause ]
You're an awesome dude.
