---
channel: UC Berkeley Haas
collected_at: 2026-04-08T01:40:49.427728+00:00
original_input_url: https://www.youtube.com/live/FeWkjl_Mync?si=yqAHpExWmTirESIu
published_at: 20240209
source_group: youtube
source_id: youtube_FeWkjl_Mync
source_type: youtube_auto_caption
title: Dean's Speaker Series | Blake Mycoskie, Founder, TOMS
uploader: UC Berkeley Haas
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FeWkjl_Mync
---

Okay, why don't you all take your seats?
Okay, why don't you all take your seats? Come and take your seats. Good
Come and take your seats. Good
Come and take your seats. Good afternoon, everybody. My name is Anne
afternoon, everybody. My name is Anne
afternoon, everybody. My name is Anne Harrison. I'm the dean of the High
Harrison. I'm the dean of the High
Harrison. I'm the dean of the High School of Business. Welcome to today's
School of Business. Welcome to today's
School of Business. Welcome to today's dean speaker series. It is co-sponsored
dean speaker series. It is co-sponsored
dean speaker series. It is co-sponsored with the Center for Social Sector
with the Center for Social Sector
with the Center for Social Sector Leadership, otherwise known as Sizzle.
Leadership, otherwise known as Sizzle.
Leadership, otherwise known as Sizzle. Um Nora here who runs it is is uh
Um Nora here who runs it is is uh
Um Nora here who runs it is is uh sitting right here. I am absolutely
sitting right here. I am absolutely
sitting right here. I am absolutely thrilled to introduce our guest today,
thrilled to introduce our guest today,
thrilled to introduce our guest today, Blake Mikoski.
Blake Mikoski.
Blake Mikoski. Um Blake's story is a really powerful
Um Blake's story is a really powerful
Um Blake's story is a really powerful one. He was on a trip in Argentina in
one. He was on a trip in Argentina in
one. He was on a trip in Argentina in 2006 and while he was there he saw many
2006 and while he was there he saw many
2006 and while he was there he saw many children who had no shoes and he was
children who had no shoes and he was
children who had no shoes and he was deeply affected by how difficult their
deeply affected by how difficult their
deeply affected by how difficult their lives was were and so he decided to
lives was were and so he decided to
lives was were and so he decided to create Tom's shoes. Um, and in doing so,
create Tom's shoes. Um, and in doing so,
create Tom's shoes. Um, and in doing so, he created the one for one business
he created the one for one business
he created the one for one business model. And that's a model where a
model. And that's a model where a
model. And that's a model where a customer by buying a product helps
customer by buying a product helps
customer by buying a product helps someone else in need every time they
someone else in need every time they
someone else in need every time they buy. And that was a complete revolution
buy. And that was a complete revolution
buy. And that was a complete revolution in the way to do forprofit
in the way to do forprofit
in the way to do forprofit business.
business.
business. Amazingly, over its lifetime, Tom's has
Amazingly, over its lifetime, Tom's has
Amazingly, over its lifetime, Tom's has provided over 96 million pairs of shoes
provided over 96 million pairs of shoes
provided over 96 million pairs of shoes for children around the world.
for children around the world.
for children around the world. [applause]
Um, since then, Tom's expanded into
Um, since then, Tom's expanded into other areas of vital needs, for example,
other areas of vital needs, for example,
other areas of vital needs, for example, eyewear and safe water. Um, now Blake
eyewear and safe water. Um, now Blake
eyewear and safe water. Um, now Blake didn't stop there. he published a book
didn't stop there. he published a book
didn't stop there. he published a book starts something that matters and every
starts something that matters and every
starts something that matters and every time that book sells one copy he donates
time that book sells one copy he donates
time that book sells one copy he donates a child's book to a child. Um so that's
a child's book to a child. Um so that's
a child's book to a child. Um so that's really amazing. His current ventures
really amazing. His current ventures
really amazing. His current ventures include co-founding a wellness program
include co-founding a wellness program
include co-founding a wellness program made for and his philanthropic endeavors
made for and his philanthropic endeavors
made for and his philanthropic endeavors include working in the area of
include working in the area of
include working in the area of legalizing psychedelics. Hopefully we'll
legalizing psychedelics. Hopefully we'll
legalizing psychedelics. Hopefully we'll hear a little bit about that today too.
hear a little bit about that today too.
hear a little bit about that today too. Um, we're incredibly
Um, we're incredibly
Um, we're incredibly fortunate today to have such a
fortunate today to have such a
fortunate today to have such a trailblazer here working in the area of
trailblazer here working in the area of
trailblazer here working in the area of socially responsible business, an area
socially responsible business, an area
socially responsible business, an area that Hos excels in and that we're
that Hos excels in and that we're
that Hos excels in and that we're passionate about. Um, Blake, our
passionate about. Um, Blake, our
passionate about. Um, Blake, our students have so much to learn from you.
students have so much to learn from you.
students have so much to learn from you. I just want to thank you once again for
I just want to thank you once again for
I just want to thank you once again for coming to speak today uh to give your
coming to speak today uh to give your
coming to speak today uh to give your insights to our community. Um, so I just
insights to our community. Um, so I just
insights to our community. Um, so I just some quick housekeeping. When you sat
some quick housekeeping. When you sat
some quick housekeeping. When you sat down, you might have noticed a note card
down, you might have noticed a note card
down, you might have noticed a note card on your seat. Um, if you a question
on your seat. Um, if you a question
on your seat. Um, if you a question occurs to you, write down the question
occurs to you, write down the question
occurs to you, write down the question while you're listening to the Q&A and
while you're listening to the Q&A and
while you're listening to the Q&A and then you can hand it um to our um our
then you can hand it um to our um our
then you can hand it um to our um our assistants here, my colleagues. They'll
assistants here, my colleagues. They'll
assistants here, my colleagues. They'll be collecting them and then there'll be
be collecting them and then there'll be
be collecting them and then there'll be time starting about 110 for some Q&A.
time starting about 110 for some Q&A.
time starting about 110 for some Q&A. Um, so now I'm going to turn over the
Um, so now I'm going to turn over the
Um, so now I'm going to turn over the session today to two students who will
session today to two students who will
session today to two students who will be doing the Q&A, Eli Eli Breler and
be doing the Q&A, Eli Eli Breler and
be doing the Q&A, Eli Eli Breler and Ivonne Mandreon, and they will moderate
Ivonne Mandreon, and they will moderate
Ivonne Mandreon, and they will moderate today's discussion. Take it away.
today's discussion. Take it away.
today's discussion. Take it away. [applause]
[applause]
[applause] Thank you. Hello. Can you hear me? Okay.
Thank you. Hello. Can you hear me? Okay.
Thank you. Hello. Can you hear me? Okay. So Blake, thank you for being here. Um,
So Blake, thank you for being here. Um,
So Blake, thank you for being here. Um, as we've mentioned before, here at HOS,
as we've mentioned before, here at HOS,
as we've mentioned before, here at HOS, we care a lot about social impact and
we care a lot about social impact and
we care a lot about social impact and entrepreneurship. So, everybody here is
entrepreneurship. So, everybody here is
entrepreneurship. So, everybody here is very excited to hear from you. Um, to
very excited to hear from you. Um, to
very excited to hear from you. Um, to start us off, why don't you tell us a
start us off, why don't you tell us a
start us off, why don't you tell us a little bit about your journey starting
little bit about your journey starting
little bit about your journey starting Tom's? Kind of from your perspective,
Tom's? Kind of from your perspective,
Tom's? Kind of from your perspective, how what influenced the one for one
how what influenced the one for one
how what influenced the one for one model and how that helped drive the
model and how that helped drive the
model and how that helped drive the success of Tom's.
success of Tom's.
success of Tom's. Okay, great. Well, Tom started in
Okay, great. Well, Tom started in
Okay, great. Well, Tom started in Argentina and there's kind of a funny
Argentina and there's kind of a funny
Argentina and there's kind of a funny backstory of how I got there. Um, how
backstory of how I got there. Um, how
backstory of how I got there. Um, how many people have seen the reality TV
many people have seen the reality TV
many people have seen the reality TV show The Amazing Race? Oh, a lot of
show The Amazing Race? Oh, a lot of
show The Amazing Race? Oh, a lot of people. Okay. Did anyone see it 20 years
people. Okay. Did anyone see it 20 years
people. Okay. Did anyone see it 20 years ago when I was on it? [laughter] Two
ago when I was on it? [laughter] Two
ago when I was on it? [laughter] Two people. Yes. Um, so my sister and I were
people. Yes. Um, so my sister and I were
people. Yes. Um, so my sister and I were on this TV show, Amazing Race. And for
on this TV show, Amazing Race. And for
on this TV show, Amazing Race. And for those who haven't seen it, you're racing
those who haven't seen it, you're racing
those who haven't seen it, you're racing around the world for 30 days and there's
around the world for 30 days and there's
around the world for 30 days and there's a million-doll prize at the end. And
a million-doll prize at the end. And
a million-doll prize at the end. And interestingly enough, the last leg of
interestingly enough, the last leg of
interestingly enough, the last leg of the race was here in San Francisco. And
the race was here in San Francisco. And
the race was here in San Francisco. And uh unfortunately
uh unfortunately
uh unfortunately um at a very critical moment, my sister
um at a very critical moment, my sister
um at a very critical moment, my sister said, "You know, we're almost there to
said, "You know, we're almost there to
said, "You know, we're almost there to win the million dollars. Let's stop and
win the million dollars. Let's stop and
win the million dollars. Let's stop and ask for directions to make sure we know
ask for directions to make sure we know
ask for directions to make sure we know where we're going." And as such a cliche
where we're going." And as such a cliche
where we're going." And as such a cliche as a man, I said, "No, I know exactly
as a man, I said, "No, I know exactly
as a man, I said, "No, I know exactly where I'm going. We don't need to stop
where I'm going. We don't need to stop
where I'm going. We don't need to stop and ask." And next thing I know, we were
and ask." And next thing I know, we were
and ask." And next thing I know, we were lost. And we lost the million dollars by
lost. And we lost the million dollars by
lost. And we lost the million dollars by four minutes. And uh after we lost a
four minutes. And uh after we lost a
four minutes. And uh after we lost a million dollars by four minutes, about a
million dollars by four minutes, about a
million dollars by four minutes, about a month later, I got a text message from
month later, I got a text message from
month later, I got a text message from my sister and it was this like random
my sister and it was this like random
my sister and it was this like random string of numbers and I thought that's
string of numbers and I thought that's
string of numbers and I thought that's weird. And I thought, well, maybe she,
weird. And I thought, well, maybe she,
weird. And I thought, well, maybe she, you know, kind of butt dialed me or
you know, kind of butt dialed me or
you know, kind of butt dialed me or something and and that's what came
something and and that's what came
something and and that's what came through on the text. So, I didn't
through on the text. So, I didn't
through on the text. So, I didn't respond or anything. And then the next
respond or anything. And then the next
respond or anything. And then the next month, I got another text message and
month, I got another text message and
month, I got another text message and it's a different random string of
it's a different random string of
it's a different random string of numbers. And so, I called her and I
numbers. And so, I called her and I
numbers. And so, I called her and I said, "Paige, what's with these text
said, "Paige, what's with these text
said, "Paige, what's with these text messages?" And she goes, "That's the
messages?" And she goes, "That's the
messages?" And she goes, "That's the interest you owe me on my half million
interest you owe me on my half million
interest you owe me on my half million dollars."
dollars."
dollars." [laughter]
[laughter]
[laughter] And so that was a great experience. But
And so that was a great experience. But
And so that was a great experience. But what the Amazing Race did was it really
what the Amazing Race did was it really
what the Amazing Race did was it really took me to all these countries I had
took me to all these countries I had
took me to all these countries I had never been to. Uh and Argentina was one
never been to. Uh and Argentina was one
never been to. Uh and Argentina was one of them. And so I decided that I want to
of them. And so I decided that I want to
of them. And so I decided that I want to go back to a lot of the countries. And
go back to a lot of the countries. And
go back to a lot of the countries. And so in January of 2006, I took a trip to
so in January of 2006, I took a trip to
so in January of 2006, I took a trip to Argentina. I was there for about a
Argentina. I was there for about a
Argentina. I was there for about a month. And um I experienced a bunch of
month. And um I experienced a bunch of
month. And um I experienced a bunch of different things. And one of the things
different things. And one of the things
different things. And one of the things that I experienced was and it was the
that I experienced was and it was the
that I experienced was and it was the first time that I'd really seen this was
first time that I'd really seen this was
first time that I'd really seen this was just, you know, really intense poverty.
just, you know, really intense poverty.
just, you know, really intense poverty. Uh just outside of Buenos Cyrus, I saw,
Uh just outside of Buenos Cyrus, I saw,
Uh just outside of Buenos Cyrus, I saw, you know, many kids in the street and
you know, many kids in the street and
you know, many kids in the street and not wearing shoes and sniffing glue and
not wearing shoes and sniffing glue and
not wearing shoes and sniffing glue and and and just some really horrible things
and and just some really horrible things
and and just some really horrible things with these children. Uh and at the same
with these children. Uh and at the same
with these children. Uh and at the same time, um I noticed that a lot of the
time, um I noticed that a lot of the
time, um I noticed that a lot of the young people were wearing these slip-on
young people were wearing these slip-on
young people were wearing these slip-on shoes, uh called alpraatas. And you
shoes, uh called alpraatas. And you
shoes, uh called alpraatas. And you know, I grew up wearing Converse and
know, I grew up wearing Converse and
know, I grew up wearing Converse and Vans and kind of these thick bulkier,
Vans and kind of these thick bulkier,
Vans and kind of these thick bulkier, you know, slip-ons, but these were like,
you know, slip-ons, but these were like,
you know, slip-ons, but these were like, you know, really um different. And so I
you know, really um different. And so I
you know, really um different. And so I asked my friend at the time about these
asked my friend at the time about these
asked my friend at the time about these shoes and he said, "Yeah, you know, the
shoes and he said, "Yeah, you know, the
shoes and he said, "Yeah, you know, the farmers wear them, the polo players wear
farmers wear them, the polo players wear
farmers wear them, the polo players wear them, you know, and I thought they were
them, you know, and I thought they were
them, you know, and I thought they were really interesting." U in a very
really interesting." U in a very
really interesting." U in a very serendipitous way, I met a woman that
serendipitous way, I met a woman that
serendipitous way, I met a woman that was running a nonprofit and they were
was running a nonprofit and they were
was running a nonprofit and they were specifically helping kids get shoes for
specifically helping kids get shoes for
specifically helping kids get shoes for school. Um the shoes was part of the
school. Um the shoes was part of the
school. Um the shoes was part of the uniform. And so many of these kids that
uniform. And so many of these kids that
uniform. And so many of these kids that I saw in the streets, the reason they're
I saw in the streets, the reason they're
I saw in the streets, the reason they're in the streets and not in school is cuz
in the streets and not in school is cuz
in the streets and not in school is cuz their families couldn't afford the
their families couldn't afford the
their families couldn't afford the uniform which included a pair of shoes.
uniform which included a pair of shoes.
uniform which included a pair of shoes. And so I had this kind of morning ritual
And so I had this kind of morning ritual
And so I had this kind of morning ritual where I drink my coffee and write in my
where I drink my coffee and write in my
where I drink my coffee and write in my journal about the day and you know have
journal about the day and you know have
journal about the day and you know have some of the things I'm thinking about
some of the things I'm thinking about
some of the things I'm thinking about goals for the day. And when I was
goals for the day. And when I was
goals for the day. And when I was sitting on this farm that I was staying
sitting on this farm that I was staying
sitting on this farm that I was staying at in Argentina, I was writing in my
at in Argentina, I was writing in my
at in Argentina, I was writing in my journal and this idea came to me and the
journal and this idea came to me and the
journal and this idea came to me and the idea was really simple. It was just, you
idea was really simple. It was just, you
idea was really simple. It was just, you know, what if I took these shoes that I
know, what if I took these shoes that I
know, what if I took these shoes that I see all these people wearing that I've
see all these people wearing that I've
see all these people wearing that I've never seen before and sell them back in
never seen before and sell them back in
never seen before and sell them back in Venice, California, where I live, and
Venice, California, where I live, and
Venice, California, where I live, and every time I sell a pair, uh, we give a
every time I sell a pair, uh, we give a
every time I sell a pair, uh, we give a pair to these kids that desperately need
pair to these kids that desperately need
pair to these kids that desperately need them for, you know, for their school
them for, you know, for their school
them for, you know, for their school uniform. And um, we'll call it shoes for
uniform. And um, we'll call it shoes for
uniform. And um, we'll call it shoes for tomorrow. Um, the idea was that if you
tomorrow. Um, the idea was that if you
tomorrow. Um, the idea was that if you buy a pair today, we give a pair
buy a pair today, we give a pair
buy a pair today, we give a pair tomorrow. And most people think my name
tomorrow. And most people think my name
tomorrow. And most people think my name is Tom. It's not. Um, but um, that's
is Tom. It's not. Um, but um, that's
is Tom. It's not. Um, but um, that's where the name Tom's came from was
where the name Tom's came from was
where the name Tom's came from was tomorrow shoes. and we wanted to put the
tomorrow shoes. and we wanted to put the
tomorrow shoes. and we wanted to put the whole word tomorrow's on the tag, but it
whole word tomorrow's on the tag, but it
whole word tomorrow's on the tag, but it wouldn't fit. Um, so we shortened it to
wouldn't fit. Um, so we shortened it to
wouldn't fit. Um, so we shortened it to Tom's and that's how we got the name.
Tom's and that's how we got the name.
Tom's and that's how we got the name. Yeah,
Yeah,
Yeah, that's really incredible. And uh, as
that's really incredible. And uh, as
that's really incredible. And uh, as someone with two sisters in the crowd
someone with two sisters in the crowd
someone with two sisters in the crowd right now, I can only imagine that
right now, I can only imagine that
right now, I can only imagine that costing us all a million dollars for
costing us all a million dollars for
costing us all a million dollars for four minutes. You're probably catching
four minutes. You're probably catching
four minutes. You're probably catching grief about that today. So, I I
grief about that today. So, I I
grief about that today. So, I I empathize with that. um you know we are
empathize with that. um you know we are
empathize with that. um you know we are on an NBA campus and so I think one of
on an NBA campus and so I think one of
on an NBA campus and so I think one of the things that we're really curious
the things that we're really curious
the things that we're really curious about is the business of Tom's and the
about is the business of Tom's and the
about is the business of Tom's and the one for one model signals a lot how you
one for one model signals a lot how you
one for one model signals a lot how you can have a profitable successful
can have a profitable successful
can have a profitable successful enterprise and also have it do good do
enterprise and also have it do good do
enterprise and also have it do good do well for the world right so I think one
well for the world right so I think one
well for the world right so I think one of the things we're curious about is how
of the things we're curious about is how
of the things we're curious about is how you layer in social responsibility and
you layer in social responsibility and
you layer in social responsibility and what complexity that adds you know what
what complexity that adds you know what
what complexity that adds you know what challenges have you faced in maintaining
challenges have you faced in maintaining
challenges have you faced in maintaining Tom's commitment to social impact while
Tom's commitment to social impact while
Tom's commitment to social impact while ensuring the company's financial uh
ensuring the company's financial uh
ensuring the company's financial uh responsibility what sacrifices do you
responsibility what sacrifices do you
responsibility what sacrifices do you have to make on both sides of that coin
have to make on both sides of that coin
have to make on both sides of that coin to make sure that both can succeed
to make sure that both can succeed
to make sure that both can succeed financially and your social goals.
financially and your social goals.
financially and your social goals. Okay. Um well, I think it maybe start
Okay. Um well, I think it maybe start
Okay. Um well, I think it maybe start answering the question just thinking
answering the question just thinking
answering the question just thinking about the financial aspects of the Tom's
about the financial aspects of the Tom's
about the financial aspects of the Tom's business model. There's really kind of a
business model. There's really kind of a
business model. There's really kind of a magic formula uh that Tom's, you know,
magic formula uh that Tom's, you know,
magic formula uh that Tom's, you know, kind of created and that other
kind of created and that other
kind of created and that other businesses have followed. And it's not
businesses have followed. And it's not
businesses have followed. And it's not necessarily just the one for one model.
necessarily just the one for one model.
necessarily just the one for one model. It's this idea that our giving and our
It's this idea that our giving and our
It's this idea that our giving and our commitment to our impact um had a
commitment to our impact um had a
commitment to our impact um had a greater influence on the customer than
greater influence on the customer than
greater influence on the customer than any type of marketing we could ever do.
any type of marketing we could ever do.
any type of marketing we could ever do. And so while you know many companies
And so while you know many companies
And so while you know many companies might spend 10 15 20% of their margin on
might spend 10 15 20% of their margin on
might spend 10 15 20% of their margin on marketing, we spent basically zero. Um
marketing, we spent basically zero. Um
marketing, we spent basically zero. Um and instead we took that money and we
and instead we took that money and we
and instead we took that money and we used it to pay for another pair of shoes
used it to pay for another pair of shoes
used it to pay for another pair of shoes which was oftentimes less expensive than
which was oftentimes less expensive than
which was oftentimes less expensive than the marketing. And so that's why like
the marketing. And so that's why like
the marketing. And so that's why like when we we became extremely profitable
when we we became extremely profitable
when we we became extremely profitable and which was a kind of a surprise to me
and which was a kind of a surprise to me
and which was a kind of a surprise to me because when I started the we didn't
because when I started the we didn't
because when I started the we didn't even call it a business, we call it a
even call it a business, we call it a
even call it a business, we call it a project. We started the Tom's project,
project. We started the Tom's project,
project. We started the Tom's project, we priced the shoes based on how much it
we priced the shoes based on how much it
we priced the shoes based on how much it cost for us to make them in a guy's
cost for us to make them in a guy's
cost for us to make them in a guy's garage in Argentina. So you can imagine
garage in Argentina. So you can imagine
garage in Argentina. So you can imagine when the business took off and all of a
when the business took off and all of a
when the business took off and all of a sudden we were working at big factories,
sudden we were working at big factories,
sudden we were working at big factories, the cost went down so much that our
the cost went down so much that our
the cost went down so much that our profit went, you know, went up a lot.
profit went, you know, went up a lot.
profit went, you know, went up a lot. And so we really had to focus on to be
And so we really had to focus on to be
And so we really had to focus on to be successful as a business, we actually
successful as a business, we actually
successful as a business, we actually need to focus on our giving as much as
need to focus on our giving as much as
need to focus on our giving as much as anything else and telling that story of
anything else and telling that story of
anything else and telling that story of the giving. And I really I learned that
the giving. And I really I learned that
the giving. And I really I learned that lesson in a in a really kind of funny
lesson in a in a really kind of funny
lesson in a in a really kind of funny way. I was uh in the JFK airport. We had
way. I was uh in the JFK airport. We had
way. I was uh in the JFK airport. We had just started Tom's um and I was probably
just started Tom's um and I was probably
just started Tom's um and I was probably 2 3 months in and the only people we
2 3 months in and the only people we
2 3 months in and the only people we really sold Toms to was like my parents,
really sold Toms to was like my parents,
really sold Toms to was like my parents, their friends, um you know, um my
their friends, um you know, um my
their friends, um you know, um my neighbors. Uh, and I was living in
neighbors. Uh, and I was living in
neighbors. Uh, and I was living in Venice, California. And so I was in New
Venice, California. And so I was in New
Venice, California. And so I was in New York trying to get new stores. And um, I
York trying to get new stores. And um, I
York trying to get new stores. And um, I decided to go for a run right before I
decided to go for a run right before I
decided to go for a run right before I had to get to my flight. And so I went
had to get to my flight. And so I went
had to get to my flight. And so I went to the JFK airport not wearing Tomms,
to the JFK airport not wearing Tomms,
to the JFK airport not wearing Tomms, which was unique for me at that point. I
which was unique for me at that point. I
which was unique for me at that point. I always wore Tomms. And so I had my
always wore Tomms. And so I had my
always wore Tomms. And so I had my running shoes on and I go to the
running shoes on and I go to the
running shoes on and I go to the American Airlines check-in counter. I
American Airlines check-in counter. I
American Airlines check-in counter. I never forget this. It was kind of one of
never forget this. It was kind of one of
never forget this. It was kind of one of the most meaningful things the early
the most meaningful things the early
the most meaningful things the early days of Toms for me. And I went to do
days of Toms for me. And I went to do
days of Toms for me. And I went to do the kind of electronic check-in. And
the kind of electronic check-in. And
the kind of electronic check-in. And next to me there was this woman uh
next to me there was this woman uh
next to me there was this woman uh wearing a red pair of Toms. And I had
wearing a red pair of Toms. And I had
wearing a red pair of Toms. And I had never seen a stranger wearing our shoes.
never seen a stranger wearing our shoes.
never seen a stranger wearing our shoes. I mean, it was so cool. Um it was it was
I mean, it was so cool. Um it was it was
I mean, it was so cool. Um it was it was such a cool moment. And so I'm kind of
such a cool moment. And so I'm kind of
such a cool moment. And so I'm kind of looking at her and I'm thinking, gosh,
looking at her and I'm thinking, gosh,
looking at her and I'm thinking, gosh, should I say something? And so I decide
should I say something? And so I decide
should I say something? And so I decide to to say, you know, hey, I really love
to to say, you know, hey, I really love
to to say, you know, hey, I really love these these shoes you're wearing. You
these these shoes you're wearing. You
these these shoes you're wearing. You know, what are they? And she says,
know, what are they? And she says,
know, what are they? And she says, Tomms. Tom shoes. And so I'm doing the
Tomms. Tom shoes. And so I'm doing the
Tomms. Tom shoes. And so I'm doing the check-in. And I'm like, "Oh, that's
check-in. And I'm like, "Oh, that's
check-in. And I'm like, "Oh, that's cool." And she literally physically put
cool." And she literally physically put
cool." And she literally physically put her hand on me and said, "No, you don't
her hand on me and said, "No, you don't
her hand on me and said, "No, you don't understand. This is the most amazing
understand. This is the most amazing
understand. This is the most amazing company in the world."
company in the world."
company in the world." She goes, "When I bought this pair of
She goes, "When I bought this pair of
She goes, "When I bought this pair of shoes, they gave a pair to a child in
shoes, they gave a pair to a child in
shoes, they gave a pair to a child in Argentina, and there's this guy who
Argentina, and there's this guy who
Argentina, and there's this guy who started I heard he lives on a boat." And
started I heard he lives on a boat." And
started I heard he lives on a boat." And and and she just went on and on. And so
and and she just went on and on. And so
and and she just went on and on. And so I I was feeling bad. And so I was like I
I I was feeling bad. And so I was like I
I I was feeling bad. And so I was like I had to stop her. And I'm like I'm like,
had to stop her. And I'm like I'm like,
had to stop her. And I'm like I'm like, "Excuse me, actually um I'm I'm that
"Excuse me, actually um I'm I'm that
"Excuse me, actually um I'm I'm that guy. I'm Blake. I live on a boat." And I
guy. I'm Blake. I live on a boat." And I
guy. I'm Blake. I live on a boat." And I started Tom's and and she goes to me,
started Tom's and and she goes to me,
started Tom's and and she goes to me, she looks at me like like deers and deer
she looks at me like like deers and deer
she looks at me like like deers and deer in headlights. Like just like she's so
in headlights. Like just like she's so
in headlights. Like just like she's so like what? And she goes, "Why did you
like what? And she goes, "Why did you
like what? And she goes, "Why did you cut your hair?" [laughter]
cut your hair?" [laughter]
cut your hair?" [laughter] And I was like, "How did she know I cut
And I was like, "How did she know I cut
And I was like, "How did she know I cut my" And I realized that she wasn't just
my" And I realized that she wasn't just
my" And I realized that she wasn't just a customer, she was a she was just
a customer, she was a she was just
a customer, she was a she was just totally invested in this. And she had
totally invested in this. And she had
totally invested in this. And she had watched all these videos on YouTube of
watched all these videos on YouTube of
watched all these videos on YouTube of us giving the shoes away. And so that's
us giving the shoes away. And so that's
us giving the shoes away. And so that's how she knew I had cut my hair. But then
how she knew I had cut my hair. But then
how she knew I had cut my hair. But then as I, you know, said thanks to her and
as I, you know, said thanks to her and
as I, you know, said thanks to her and went to my flight and started thinking
went to my flight and started thinking
went to my flight and started thinking about that conversation, I realized
about that conversation, I realized
about that conversation, I realized that, you know, this woman took the time
that, you know, this woman took the time
that, you know, this woman took the time out of her day at an airport to tell a
out of her day at an airport to tell a
out of her day at an airport to tell a stranger about Tom's. So how many people
stranger about Tom's. So how many people
stranger about Tom's. So how many people has she already told about Tom's? I mean
has she already told about Tom's? I mean
has she already told about Tom's? I mean definitely all her friends and family
definitely all her friends and family
definitely all her friends and family and people on Facebook and you know and
and people on Facebook and you know and
and people on Facebook and you know and so I realized that the effect of just
so I realized that the effect of just
so I realized that the effect of just one customer connecting to our giving
one customer connecting to our giving
one customer connecting to our giving was going to have a such a magnitude
was going to have a such a magnitude
was going to have a such a magnitude effect on how many shoes we would sell
effect on how many shoes we would sell
effect on how many shoes we would sell and ultimately give away. And so that's
and ultimately give away. And so that's
and ultimately give away. And so that's when we really decided that as a
when we really decided that as a
when we really decided that as a business model we were not necessarily
business model we were not necessarily
business model we were not necessarily going to be focused on the things that a
going to be focused on the things that a
going to be focused on the things that a traditional business was but really
traditional business was but really
traditional business was but really focused on giving and telling our story.
focused on giving and telling our story.
focused on giving and telling our story. And that's why our model works so well.
And that's why our model works so well.
And that's why our model works so well. Yeah, that's awesome to hear. Um to see
Yeah, that's awesome to hear. Um to see
Yeah, that's awesome to hear. Um to see that something you believe in others
that something you believe in others
that something you believe in others also believe in and you know it grew
also believe in and you know it grew
also believe in and you know it grew into you know what Tom's is today. Going
into you know what Tom's is today. Going
into you know what Tom's is today. Going off of that a lot you know large scale
off of that a lot you know large scale
off of that a lot you know large scale innovation something that is very hard
innovation something that is very hard
innovation something that is very hard to do. There's some products out there
to do. There's some products out there
to do. There's some products out there that we see that we think this large
that we see that we think this large
that we see that we think this large scale is inevitable right? um what are
scale is inevitable right? um what are
scale is inevitable right? um what are some of the challenges that you
some of the challenges that you
some of the challenges that you experienced uh with scaling up Tom's and
experienced uh with scaling up Tom's and
experienced uh with scaling up Tom's and how did you face those challenges?
how did you face those challenges?
how did you face those challenges? Um the well the biggest challenge was
Um the well the biggest challenge was
Um the well the biggest challenge was making the den shoes. Um I mean I had
making the den shoes. Um I mean I had
making the den shoes. Um I mean I had never made shoes before. Um my Argentine
never made shoes before. Um my Argentine
never made shoes before. Um my Argentine polo playing partner Allejo had never
polo playing partner Allejo had never
polo playing partner Allejo had never made shoes before and we met this guy
made shoes before and we met this guy
made shoes before and we met this guy who said he could make them in his
who said he could make them in his
who said he could make them in his garage um which he could do somewhat
garage um which he could do somewhat
garage um which he could do somewhat sufficiently. Um, so really scaling the
sufficiently. Um, so really scaling the
sufficiently. Um, so really scaling the production once the business took off
production once the business took off
production once the business took off was really, really hard. Um, you know,
was really, really hard. Um, you know,
was really, really hard. Um, you know, what I found was the key to that was
what I found was the key to that was
what I found was the key to that was finding people who did know how to make
finding people who did know how to make
finding people who did know how to make shoes, uh, and had done it for companies
shoes, uh, and had done it for companies
shoes, uh, and had done it for companies that really scaled. And so we very early
that really scaled. And so we very early
that really scaled. And so we very early on we were able to attract um, a really
on we were able to attract um, a really
on we were able to attract um, a really senior executive from one of the big
senior executive from one of the big
senior executive from one of the big shoe companies uh, to come and start
shoe companies uh, to come and start
shoe companies uh, to come and start working in my apartment with us. I think
working in my apartment with us. I think
working in my apartment with us. I think he was employee number two or three. And
he was employee number two or three. And
he was employee number two or three. And the first two were interns off
the first two were interns off
the first two were interns off Craigslist. But um but but you know Sean
Craigslist. But um but but you know Sean
Craigslist. But um but but you know Sean came to us and I remember it was really
came to us and I remember it was really
came to us and I remember it was really cool. I went on a a factory tour with
cool. I went on a a factory tour with
cool. I went on a a factory tour with him in Asia and we were drinking beers
him in Asia and we were drinking beers
him in Asia and we were drinking beers one night and I said to him, I said,
one night and I said to him, I said,
one night and I said to him, I said, "Sean, you know, why did you come to
"Sean, you know, why did you come to
"Sean, you know, why did you come to Tomomps?" You know, because I mean,
Tomomps?" You know, because I mean,
Tomomps?" You know, because I mean, we're paying you probably half as much
we're paying you probably half as much
we're paying you probably half as much as um as you uh as you made at this, you
as um as you uh as you made at this, you
as um as you uh as you made at this, you know, I think it was Nike or Converse, I
know, I think it was Nike or Converse, I
know, I think it was Nike or Converse, I forget where he was at before. And he,
forget where he was at before. And he,
forget where he was at before. And he, you know, very senior in his in his
you know, very senior in his in his
you know, very senior in his in his role. He'd worked in the industry for I
role. He'd worked in the industry for I
role. He'd worked in the industry for I think 30 years. And I said, you know,
think 30 years. And I said, you know,
think 30 years. And I said, you know, cuz we're paying you probably half or
cuz we're paying you probably half or
cuz we're paying you probably half or twothirds what you're paying and you
twothirds what you're paying and you
twothirds what you're paying and you know, you're having to do the job of
know, you're having to do the job of
know, you're having to do the job of basically five people. Um, and it was so
basically five people. Um, and it was so
basically five people. Um, and it was so cool. he's told me he said and this goes
cool. he's told me he said and this goes
cool. he's told me he said and this goes back to giving being our key
back to giving being our key
back to giving being our key differentiator is he said you know
differentiator is he said you know
differentiator is he said you know because now
because now
because now um you know my kids think I'm so cool
um you know my kids think I'm so cool
um you know my kids think I'm so cool you know and my daughter thinks it's so
you know and my daughter thinks it's so
you know and my daughter thinks it's so amazing that I'm helping kids get shoes
amazing that I'm helping kids get shoes
amazing that I'm helping kids get shoes and so I get to you know that that's a
and so I get to you know that that's a
and so I get to you know that that's a big part of why I'm here and that's also
big part of why I'm here and that's also
big part of why I'm here and that's also I realized that you know just focusing
I realized that you know just focusing
I realized that you know just focusing on our giving and staying authentic to
on our giving and staying authentic to
on our giving and staying authentic to that was was so important because
that was was so important because
that was was so important because without Shawn we never would have been
without Shawn we never would have been
without Shawn we never would have been able uh to scale the business.
able uh to scale the business.
able uh to scale the business. That's really interesting. It feels like
That's really interesting. It feels like
That's really interesting. It feels like people are attracted to it because it's
people are attracted to it because it's
people are attracted to it because it's solving two problems. It's putting
solving two problems. It's putting
solving two problems. It's putting stylish shoes on people's feet. That's
stylish shoes on people's feet. That's
stylish shoes on people's feet. That's actually a fun problem to solve. It's
actually a fun problem to solve. It's
actually a fun problem to solve. It's also putting shoes on the feet of people
also putting shoes on the feet of people
also putting shoes on the feet of people in need, and that's an even more fun
in need, and that's an even more fun
in need, and that's an even more fun problem to solve. I think when we think
problem to solve. I think when we think
problem to solve. I think when we think about the most successful businesses,
about the most successful businesses,
about the most successful businesses, the most successful products, like
the most successful products, like
the most successful products, like that's what they fundamentally do. They
that's what they fundamentally do. They
that's what they fundamentally do. They solve problems that people can't solve
solve problems that people can't solve
solve problems that people can't solve themselves. Like Velcro allows me to
themselves. Like Velcro allows me to
themselves. Like Velcro allows me to fasten my fasten my shoes. Advil allows
fasten my fasten my shoes. Advil allows
fasten my fasten my shoes. Advil allows me to reduce pain, inflammation, all
me to reduce pain, inflammation, all
me to reduce pain, inflammation, all that kind of stuff. How do you go about
that kind of stuff. How do you go about
that kind of stuff. How do you go about figuring out what problems people need
figuring out what problems people need
figuring out what problems people need to solve and how you can solve that
to solve and how you can solve that
to solve and how you can solve that problem? And even one step further, if
problem? And even one step further, if
problem? And even one step further, if you know how to solve the problem, how
you know how to solve the problem, how
you know how to solve the problem, how do you turn that into a business that
do you turn that into a business that
do you turn that into a business that can solve it for a lot of people? What
can solve it for a lot of people? What
can solve it for a lot of people? What does problem solving and filling need
does problem solving and filling need
does problem solving and filling need look like for you?
look like for you?
look like for you? Okay, so I'm going to tell a story from
Okay, so I'm going to tell a story from
Okay, so I'm going to tell a story from a different company. Um, so I've started
a different company. Um, so I've started
a different company. Um, so I've started I think five or six companies and most
I think five or six companies and most
I think five or six companies and most of them were before Tom's. Uh, and one
of them were before Tom's. Uh, and one
of them were before Tom's. Uh, and one of them was an online driver's education
of them was an online driver's education
of them was an online driver's education company. Now, how I got into that
company. Now, how I got into that
company. Now, how I got into that business is is is uh, you know, really
business is is is uh, you know, really
business is is is uh, you know, really by listening to someone's problem. Um, I
by listening to someone's problem. Um, I
by listening to someone's problem. Um, I was at a barbecue for a television
was at a barbecue for a television
was at a barbecue for a television network that I'd also helped start and
network that I'd also helped start and
network that I'd also helped start and um and and my head of programming son
um and and my head of programming son
um and and my head of programming son was there and he was 15 years old and I
was there and he was 15 years old and I
was there and he was 15 years old and I asked him, you know, what are you doing
asked him, you know, what are you doing
asked him, you know, what are you doing this summer? And he kind of said, uh,
this summer? And he kind of said, uh,
this summer? And he kind of said, uh, I'm learning to drive. And I was like,
I'm learning to drive. And I was like,
I'm learning to drive. And I was like, huh, that's not the I mean, I would
huh, that's not the I mean, I would
huh, that's not the I mean, I would think that if you're learning to drive,
think that if you're learning to drive,
think that if you're learning to drive, that'd be exciting for a 15-year-old.
that'd be exciting for a 15-year-old.
that'd be exciting for a 15-year-old. And I said, well, what why is learning
And I said, well, what why is learning
And I said, well, what why is learning to drive not that exciting? And he said,
to drive not that exciting? And he said,
to drive not that exciting? And he said, "Ah, you know, it's a I'm in this
"Ah, you know, it's a I'm in this
"Ah, you know, it's a I'm in this classroom and it's stinky and it's dark
classroom and it's stinky and it's dark
classroom and it's stinky and it's dark and it's in this like mall and I got
and it's in this like mall and I got
and it's in this like mall and I got this old lady teacher and I can barely
this old lady teacher and I can barely
this old lady teacher and I can barely understand what she's saying and the
understand what she's saying and the
understand what she's saying and the cars are just crap." And I mean, he was
cars are just crap." And I mean, he was
cars are just crap." And I mean, he was just super negative. And I was thinking,
just super negative. And I was thinking,
just super negative. And I was thinking, well, this is not good for our safety on
well, this is not good for our safety on
well, this is not good for our safety on our California highways. You know, if
our California highways. You know, if
our California highways. You know, if this is how this engaged or disengaged
this is how this engaged or disengaged
this is how this engaged or disengaged this kid is, like we are in a lot of
this kid is, like we are in a lot of
this kid is, like we are in a lot of trouble. And so I went home that night
trouble. And so I went home that night
trouble. And so I went home that night and this is right when um you know
and this is right when um you know
and this is right when um you know MySpace was out and there was no
MySpace was out and there was no
MySpace was out and there was no Facebook yet. Um and um some of you
Facebook yet. Um and um some of you
Facebook yet. Um and um some of you probably don't even know what MySpace
probably don't even know what MySpace
probably don't even know what MySpace is, I'm realizing. Um so but um and it
is, I'm realizing. Um so but um and it
is, I'm realizing. Um so but um and it was also when they were just starting to
was also when they were just starting to
was also when they were just starting to do things online that traditionally had
do things online that traditionally had
do things online that traditionally had been done, you know, in brick and
been done, you know, in brick and
been done, you know, in brick and mortar. And so I thought, well, you
mortar. And so I thought, well, you
mortar. And so I thought, well, you know, one way to, you know, solve this
know, one way to, you know, solve this
know, one way to, you know, solve this problem of these classrooms that are
problem of these classrooms that are
problem of these classrooms that are really not that inspiring. they're
really not that inspiring. they're
really not that inspiring. they're usually in like Sears malls or
usually in like Sears malls or
usually in like Sears malls or something. Uh is to see if we could take
something. Uh is to see if we could take
something. Uh is to see if we could take this class online and so that you know
this class online and so that you know
this class online and so that you know it could be more engaging, more
it could be more engaging, more
it could be more engaging, more entertaining. They could do it at their
entertaining. They could do it at their
entertaining. They could do it at their own pace, you know, and so that was, you
own pace, you know, and so that was, you
own pace, you know, and so that was, you know, one idea and and I worked really
know, one idea and and I worked really
know, one idea and and I worked really hard with some legislature to get that
hard with some legislature to get that
hard with some legislature to get that changed in um California so that we
changed in um California so that we
changed in um California so that we could do that. And so that was step one.
could do that. And so that was step one.
could do that. And so that was step one. Uh and step two was we got to get better
Uh and step two was we got to get better
Uh and step two was we got to get better cars. Like these cars have got to be
cars. Like these cars have got to be
cars. Like these cars have got to be more interesting. Now, this was right
more interesting. Now, this was right
more interesting. Now, this was right when Toyota came out with the Prius. And
when Toyota came out with the Prius. And
when Toyota came out with the Prius. And so, they had this huge desire to get
so, they had this huge desire to get
so, they had this huge desire to get people to know what an electric car even
people to know what an electric car even
people to know what an electric car even was. And, you know, starting with young
was. And, you know, starting with young
was. And, you know, starting with young people who might be more environmentally
people who might be more environmentally
people who might be more environmentally inclined was one big part of their
inclined was one big part of their
inclined was one big part of their thing. And so, I cold called Toyota down
thing. And so, I cold called Toyota down
thing. And so, I cold called Toyota down in Torrance and got a meeting and they
in Torrance and got a meeting and they
in Torrance and got a meeting and they decided to like give us four cars at
decided to like give us four cars at
decided to like give us four cars at like, you know, basically the cost. But
like, you know, basically the cost. But
like, you know, basically the cost. But the third thing was the teacher and I
the third thing was the teacher and I
the third thing was the teacher and I and that was something that was going to
and that was something that was going to
and that was something that was going to be a little bit harder to do because you
be a little bit harder to do because you
be a little bit harder to do because you know people who were kind of driver's ed
know people who were kind of driver's ed
know people who were kind of driver's ed teachers were pretty uh a very specific
teachers were pretty uh a very specific
teachers were pretty uh a very specific type. They're usually retired. Um you
type. They're usually retired. Um you
type. They're usually retired. Um you know they were usually you know um you
know they were usually you know um you
know they were usually you know um you know I mean it just they were it was I
know I mean it just they were it was I
know I mean it just they were it was I think everyone can remember their
think everyone can remember their
think everyone can remember their driver's ed teacher unless you went to
driver's ed teacher unless you went to
driver's ed teacher unless you went to our school cuz I'll tell you why ours
our school cuz I'll tell you why ours
our school cuz I'll tell you why ours was special. Um and you'd really
was special. Um and you'd really
was special. Um and you'd really remember because what we decided was
remember because what we decided was
remember because what we decided was these teenagers were not paying
these teenagers were not paying
these teenagers were not paying attention to their teachers at all. And
attention to their teachers at all. And
attention to their teachers at all. And so we thought about, okay, how can we
so we thought about, okay, how can we
so we thought about, okay, how can we get them to pay attention? Now, we were
get them to pay attention? Now, we were
get them to pay attention? Now, we were lucky because we lived in Los Angeles,
lucky because we lived in Los Angeles,
lucky because we lived in Los Angeles, so we had a lot of actors and models.
so we had a lot of actors and models.
so we had a lot of actors and models. And so we went and basically hired a
And so we went and basically hired a
And so we went and basically hired a bunch of Abbercrombie Fish models and
bunch of Abbercrombie Fish models and
bunch of Abbercrombie Fish models and actors that had all this free time and
actors that had all this free time and
actors that had all this free time and we knew that teenagers pay attention to
we knew that teenagers pay attention to
we knew that teenagers pay attention to them and it worked. And so we had them
them and it worked. And so we had them
them and it worked. And so we had them as our driver teachers and uh they would
as our driver teachers and uh they would
as our driver teachers and uh they would post pictures on MySpace of them and
post pictures on MySpace of them and
post pictures on MySpace of them and their teacher and uh and so we solved
their teacher and uh and so we solved
their teacher and uh and so we solved all three problems at once.
all three problems at once.
all three problems at once. [laughter]
[laughter]
[laughter] That's beautiful. I uh I distinctly
That's beautiful. I uh I distinctly
That's beautiful. I uh I distinctly remember my driver's ed teacher self-
remember my driver's ed teacher self-
remember my driver's ed teacher self- brand himself as Tupac Dave and he was
brand himself as Tupac Dave and he was
brand himself as Tupac Dave and he was far too old to be trying to educate
far too old to be trying to educate
far too old to be trying to educate 15-year-olds about Tupac and not
15-year-olds about Tupac and not
15-year-olds about Tupac and not teaching them about driving. So I I
teaching them about driving. So I I
teaching them about driving. So I I understand not learning anything and
understand not learning anything and
understand not learning anything and also trying to make sure kids actually
also trying to make sure kids actually
also trying to make sure kids actually learn how to drive so it's safe. Um piv
learn how to drive so it's safe. Um piv
learn how to drive so it's safe. Um piv pivoting a little bit. You're mentioning
pivoting a little bit. You're mentioning
pivoting a little bit. You're mentioning a lot of partnerships like you're
a lot of partnerships like you're
a lot of partnerships like you're talking about Toyota, you're talking
talking about Toyota, you're talking
talking about Toyota, you're talking about these Abocrombian Fitch models.
about these Abocrombian Fitch models.
about these Abocrombian Fitch models. you've been talking about this person
you've been talking about this person
you've been talking about this person that you met um who was working at Nike
that you met um who was working at Nike
that you met um who was working at Nike came to work for you and I think
came to work for you and I think
came to work for you and I think partnerships are key and I know you
partnerships are key and I know you
partnerships are key and I know you often talk about collaboration as being
often talk about collaboration as being
often talk about collaboration as being key to success. I'm curious, what are
key to success. I'm curious, what are
key to success. I'm curious, what are the green flags that you look for in
the green flags that you look for in
the green flags that you look for in individuals, entities, partners, um, of
individuals, entities, partners, um, of
individuals, entities, partners, um, of what you think would make them a
what you think would make them a
what you think would make them a trustworthy part partner, a good faith
trustworthy part partner, a good faith
trustworthy part partner, a good faith partner, someone who you want to do
partner, someone who you want to do
partner, someone who you want to do business with, whether it's an
business with, whether it's an
business with, whether it's an individual or an entity, kind of what's
individual or an entity, kind of what's
individual or an entity, kind of what's your criteria? What are the green flags?
your criteria? What are the green flags?
your criteria? What are the green flags? I mean, I think the most important thing
I mean, I think the most important thing
I mean, I think the most important thing in a partnership is, is the partnership
in a partnership is, is the partnership
in a partnership is, is the partnership going to be seen as something that's
going to be seen as something that's
going to be seen as something that's authentic, that makes sense? You know,
authentic, that makes sense? You know,
authentic, that makes sense? You know, um, the best partnership we ever had was
um, the best partnership we ever had was
um, the best partnership we ever had was with AT&T. Uh it was truly one of the
with AT&T. Uh it was truly one of the
with AT&T. Uh it was truly one of the the the biggest turning points in our
the the biggest turning points in our
the the biggest turning points in our business and I would even say in my
business and I would even say in my
business and I would even say in my life. Um because what happened was is I
life. Um because what happened was is I
life. Um because what happened was is I was on uh CNN doing an interview. And um
was on uh CNN doing an interview. And um
was on uh CNN doing an interview. And um I did an interview and I was they were
I did an interview and I was they were
I did an interview and I was they were asking about how many people worked at
asking about how many people worked at
asking about how many people worked at our company at this point. There were
our company at this point. There were
our company at this point. There were like 40 of us. Uh, and we were selling
like 40 of us. Uh, and we were selling
like 40 of us. Uh, and we were selling all over the world. And they were like,
all over the world. And they were like,
all over the world. And they were like, "How in the world do you run your
"How in the world do you run your
"How in the world do you run your business when you're in places like
business when you're in places like
business when you're in places like Ethiopia giving shoes or Cambodia or
Ethiopia giving shoes or Cambodia or
Ethiopia giving shoes or Cambodia or Guatemala and there's only 40 of you and
Guatemala and there's only 40 of you and
Guatemala and there's only 40 of you and you're competing against these big shoe
you're competing against these big shoe
you're competing against these big shoe companies?" And I pulled out my, it was
companies?" And I pulled out my, it was
companies?" And I pulled out my, it was funny, I had a Blackberry back then. Do
funny, I had a Blackberry back then. Do
funny, I had a Blackberry back then. Do you guys remember Blackberry? Okay,
you guys remember Blackberry? Okay,
you guys remember Blackberry? Okay, good. Um, I'm not as old as I think. Um,
good. Um, I'm not as old as I think. Um,
good. Um, I'm not as old as I think. Um, and so I pulled out my my Blackberry on
and so I pulled out my my Blackberry on
and so I pulled out my my Blackberry on the CNN interview and I said, "This is
the CNN interview and I said, "This is
the CNN interview and I said, "This is how I do it." And I basically I can run
how I do it." And I basically I can run
how I do it." And I basically I can run the business and do everything from my
the business and do everything from my
the business and do everything from my phone while I'm in Ethiopia. And um and
phone while I'm in Ethiopia. And um and
phone while I'm in Ethiopia. And um and and and so this ad exec was in the back
and and so this ad exec was in the back
and and so this ad exec was in the back of a taxi in New York and they saw this
of a taxi in New York and they saw this
of a taxi in New York and they saw this interview on CNN and they thought, "Oh
interview on CNN and they thought, "Oh
interview on CNN and they thought, "Oh my gosh, if he uses AT&T, this is
my gosh, if he uses AT&T, this is
my gosh, if he uses AT&T, this is perfect." And so they called me and
perfect." And so they called me and
perfect." And so they called me and luckily they asked me if I used AT&T.
luckily they asked me if I used AT&T.
luckily they asked me if I used AT&T. And I said yes. And that was one of the
And I said yes. And that was one of the
And I said yes. And that was one of the great, you know, lucky moments of my
great, you know, lucky moments of my
great, you know, lucky moments of my life because they said, "We want to do a
life because they said, "We want to do a
life because they said, "We want to do a commercial about you and Tom's and your
commercial about you and Tom's and your
commercial about you and Tom's and your story and we don't want to like create
story and we don't want to like create
story and we don't want to like create something slick and we want to actually
something slick and we want to actually
something slick and we want to actually go with you on a giving trip to
go with you on a giving trip to
go with you on a giving trip to Argentina and just film you and make a
Argentina and just film you and make a
Argentina and just film you and make a commercial." And so they made this
commercial." And so they made this
commercial." And so they made this commercial and it was like lightning in
commercial and it was like lightning in
commercial and it was like lightning in a bottle. They loved it. They tested it.
a bottle. They loved it. They tested it.
a bottle. They loved it. They tested it. It tested well. They premiered it on the
It tested well. They premiered it on the
It tested well. They premiered it on the Masters Golf Tournament, which if you
Masters Golf Tournament, which if you
Masters Golf Tournament, which if you know of that tournament, they only allow
know of that tournament, they only allow
know of that tournament, they only allow three different commercials for the
three different commercials for the
three different commercials for the entire term. And then they played it at
entire term. And then they played it at
entire term. And then they played it at the NBA, you know, you know, final final
the NBA, you know, you know, final final
the NBA, you know, you know, final final um playoff games, everything. They ended
um playoff games, everything. They ended
um playoff games, everything. They ended up spending $30 million on a commercial
up spending $30 million on a commercial
up spending $30 million on a commercial to basically tell the Tom story [snorts]
to basically tell the Tom story [snorts]
to basically tell the Tom story [snorts] and but it was completely authentic
and but it was completely authentic
and but it was completely authentic because I use AT&T and so it worked
because I use AT&T and so it worked
because I use AT&T and so it worked really well for them. Our business grew
really well for them. Our business grew
really well for them. Our business grew 500% that year because of that
500% that year because of that
500% that year because of that commercial. Um, and so literally I think
commercial. Um, and so literally I think
commercial. Um, and so literally I think u, you know, I mean we went from, you
u, you know, I mean we went from, you
u, you know, I mean we went from, you know, I mean it was just it was crazy
know, I mean it was just it was crazy
know, I mean it was just it was crazy how much it grew and that was really the
how much it grew and that was really the
how much it grew and that was really the beginning of our our our mass growth.
beginning of our our our mass growth.
beginning of our our our mass growth. But that partnership was so important
But that partnership was so important
But that partnership was so important and the reason it worked to your
and the reason it worked to your
and the reason it worked to your question is because it was completely
question is because it was completely
question is because it was completely authentic.
authentic.
authentic. Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you. Yeah, that's a great partnership story.
Yeah, that's a great partnership story.
Yeah, that's a great partnership story. Um, moving a little bit away from the
Um, moving a little bit away from the
Um, moving a little bit away from the business side and trans transitioning
business side and trans transitioning
business side and trans transitioning into leadership. I strongly believe
into leadership. I strongly believe
into leadership. I strongly believe every great venture has a strong leader
every great venture has a strong leader
every great venture has a strong leader behind it. You often talk about being a
behind it. You often talk about being a
behind it. You often talk about being a servant leader, one that aims to serve
servant leader, one that aims to serve
servant leader, one that aims to serve others. You talk openly about your
others. You talk openly about your
others. You talk openly about your failures and vulnerabilities. Um, how do
failures and vulnerabilities. Um, how do
failures and vulnerabilities. Um, how do you think sharing some of those
you think sharing some of those
you think sharing some of those experiences have shaped you into the
experiences have shaped you into the
experiences have shaped you into the leader you are today?
leader you are today?
leader you are today? Thank you. Um, well, I think when you
Thank you. Um, well, I think when you
Thank you. Um, well, I think when you hear the term servant leader, I think
hear the term servant leader, I think
hear the term servant leader, I think it's a really important term. Um, and it
it's a really important term. Um, and it
it's a really important term. Um, and it goes back to the fact of, you know, in
goes back to the fact of, you know, in
goes back to the fact of, you know, in most businesses, the your employees that
most businesses, the your employees that
most businesses, the your employees that are on the front line are serving
are on the front line are serving
are on the front line are serving customers. You know, you heard that
customers. You know, you heard that
customers. You know, you heard that phrase and in order for them to really
phrase and in order for them to really
phrase and in order for them to really serve your customers, they need to be
serve your customers, they need to be
serve your customers, they need to be served from their managers. And I think
served from their managers. And I think
served from their managers. And I think that's really the job of a manager or an
that's really the job of a manager or an
that's really the job of a manager or an executive is not just to lead the vision
executive is not just to lead the vision
executive is not just to lead the vision of the business, but to really serve
of the business, but to really serve
of the business, but to really serve those that are working for them so that
those that are working for them so that
those that are working for them so that they feel empowered to, you know, really
they feel empowered to, you know, really
they feel empowered to, you know, really serve the customer. Um, I think also,
serve the customer. Um, I think also,
serve the customer. Um, I think also, you know, leaders really set the culture
you know, leaders really set the culture
you know, leaders really set the culture and I think, you know, talking about
and I think, you know, talking about
and I think, you know, talking about failures and vulnerabilities, um, you
failures and vulnerabilities, um, you
failures and vulnerabilities, um, you know, you really, I believe, need to set
know, you really, I believe, need to set
know, you really, I believe, need to set a culture where it's okay to fail. You
a culture where it's okay to fail. You
a culture where it's okay to fail. You know, I always say if I'm going to fail,
know, I always say if I'm going to fail,
know, I always say if I'm going to fail, I want to fail fast. Um, so I don't
I want to fail fast. Um, so I don't
I want to fail fast. Um, so I don't waste a lot of time and money failing,
waste a lot of time and money failing,
waste a lot of time and money failing, but I I I learn from it and I move on.
but I I I learn from it and I move on.
but I I I learn from it and I move on. And so I think it's really important
And so I think it's really important
And so I think it's really important that as a leader that you show that
that as a leader that you show that
that as a leader that you show that failures are not going to be
failures are not going to be
failures are not going to be reprimanded. You know, if anything,
reprimanded. You know, if anything,
reprimanded. You know, if anything, they're going to be celebrated because
they're going to be celebrated because
they're going to be celebrated because what did we learn from that failure? And
what did we learn from that failure? And
what did we learn from that failure? And I think that's a really important part
I think that's a really important part
I think that's a really important part of leadership.
I love hearing that. And I think one
I love hearing that. And I think one other thing we hear a lot of successful
other thing we hear a lot of successful
other thing we hear a lot of successful entrepreneurs talk about is luck. So
entrepreneurs talk about is luck. So
entrepreneurs talk about is luck. So learn quick from your failures, but also
learn quick from your failures, but also
learn quick from your failures, but also you have to have some luck sometimes.
you have to have some luck sometimes.
you have to have some luck sometimes. You know, some say they create their own
You know, some say they create their own
You know, some say they create their own luck and that they earned it and they
luck and that they earned it and they
luck and that they earned it and they built that luck and if they didn't work
built that luck and if they didn't work
built that luck and if they didn't work as hard and put themselves in those
as hard and put themselves in those
as hard and put themselves in those situations, that luck would have
situations, that luck would have
situations, that luck would have happened. Others say a beautiful
happened. Others say a beautiful
happened. Others say a beautiful opportunity fell in my lap and I got
opportunity fell in my lap and I got
opportunity fell in my lap and I got lucky that my idea worked. So I'm
lucky that my idea worked. So I'm
lucky that my idea worked. So I'm curious what you think about luck and
curious what you think about luck and
curious what you think about luck and how much luck has played into your
how much luck has played into your
how much luck has played into your success.
success.
success. I mean, I'm a lucky guy for sure. Um,
I mean, I'm a lucky guy for sure. Um,
I mean, I'm a lucky guy for sure. Um, [laughter]
[laughter]
[laughter] so I um I I think I think there is some
so I um I I think I think there is some
so I um I I think I think there is some truth to this idea that you know the
truth to this idea that you know the
truth to this idea that you know the harder you work the luckier you get. Um,
harder you work the luckier you get. Um,
harder you work the luckier you get. Um, but I also think that, you know, um,
but I also think that, you know, um,
but I also think that, you know, um, sometimes just an idea, you know, I
sometimes just an idea, you know, I
sometimes just an idea, you know, I mean, how do we have an idea? You know,
mean, how do we have an idea? You know,
mean, how do we have an idea? You know, start there. Like I'm sitting on a farm
start there. Like I'm sitting on a farm
start there. Like I'm sitting on a farm in Argentina and this idea is somewhat
in Argentina and this idea is somewhat
in Argentina and this idea is somewhat downloaded or transmitted to my brain
downloaded or transmitted to my brain
downloaded or transmitted to my brain that then goes to my journal that then
that then goes to my journal that then
that then goes to my journal that then goes to starting a business that then
goes to starting a business that then
goes to starting a business that then goes to kind of changing the face of
goes to kind of changing the face of
goes to kind of changing the face of business across the world. Like I I
business across the world. Like I I
business across the world. Like I I can't take responsibility for that. like
can't take responsibility for that. like
can't take responsibility for that. like I have no I mean from a spiritual
I have no I mean from a spiritual
I have no I mean from a spiritual perspective I don't really understand
perspective I don't really understand
perspective I don't really understand how that came about but I feel really
how that came about but I feel really
how that came about but I feel really lucky that I was the one that got to do
lucky that I was the one that got to do
lucky that I was the one that got to do it. Um and so so I do think that you
it. Um and so so I do think that you
it. Um and so so I do think that you know you can make your own luck and you
know you can make your own luck and you
know you can make your own luck and you have to work hard but I also think that
have to work hard but I also think that
have to work hard but I also think that in certain businesses or certain ideas
in certain businesses or certain ideas
in certain businesses or certain ideas that come and really you know have a
that come and really you know have a
that come and really you know have a huge effect on culture um that idea was
huge effect on culture um that idea was
huge effect on culture um that idea was just it time was to come and the person
just it time was to come and the person
just it time was to come and the person that got to bring it to the world is
that got to bring it to the world is
that got to bring it to the world is pretty lucky. So, I feel lucky.
pretty lucky. So, I feel lucky.
pretty lucky. So, I feel lucky. Yeah, that's great. I think we're all
Yeah, that's great. I think we're all
Yeah, that's great. I think we're all hoping for some a little bit of luck out
hoping for some a little bit of luck out
hoping for some a little bit of luck out here to [laughter] go on to our next uh
here to [laughter] go on to our next uh
here to [laughter] go on to our next uh endeavor. Um, so your ventures have
endeavor. Um, so your ventures have
endeavor. Um, so your ventures have given us shoes uh provided safe drinking
given us shoes uh provided safe drinking
given us shoes uh provided safe drinking water and restored vision of countless
water and restored vision of countless
water and restored vision of countless individuals at a global scale. going
individuals at a global scale. going
individuals at a global scale. going forward, where do you think uh the
forward, where do you think uh the
forward, where do you think uh the greatest need will be and uh what new
greatest need will be and uh what new
greatest need will be and uh what new business models outside of the one for
business models outside of the one for
business models outside of the one for one model? Um have you been excited
one model? Um have you been excited
one model? Um have you been excited about or um you've seen actually work?
about or um you've seen actually work?
about or um you've seen actually work? Well, I think if I was an entrepreneur
Well, I think if I was an entrepreneur
Well, I think if I was an entrepreneur starting out today, I would be spending
starting out today, I would be spending
starting out today, I would be spending a lot of time looking at green energy. I
a lot of time looking at green energy. I
a lot of time looking at green energy. I think that, you know, um one of the
think that, you know, um one of the
think that, you know, um one of the biggest, you know, problems facing our
biggest, you know, problems facing our
biggest, you know, problems facing our species right now is the climate. And I
species right now is the climate. And I
species right now is the climate. And I think there's going to be so many
think there's going to be so many
think there's going to be so many opportunities. There already have been
opportunities. There already have been
opportunities. There already have been so many opportunities, so many, you
so many opportunities, so many, you
so many opportunities, so many, you know, fortunes built focusing on, you
know, fortunes built focusing on, you
know, fortunes built focusing on, you know, you know, how we can live in a
know, you know, how we can live in a
know, you know, how we can live in a more sustainable way. But, you know,
more sustainable way. But, you know,
more sustainable way. But, you know, it's something that I don't have a lot
it's something that I don't have a lot
it's something that I don't have a lot of experience or expertise in. But I
of experience or expertise in. But I
of experience or expertise in. But I think that's where I would really be
think that's where I would really be
think that's where I would really be focused because I think that there's
focused because I think that there's
focused because I think that there's just going to be, you know, we we have I
just going to be, you know, we we have I
just going to be, you know, we we have I mean, technology and innovation is our
mean, technology and innovation is our
mean, technology and innovation is our only way out. And so when there's a
only way out. And so when there's a
only way out. And so when there's a necessity, there's usually great
necessity, there's usually great
necessity, there's usually great opportunities for entrepreneurship.
opportunities for entrepreneurship.
opportunities for entrepreneurship. I think half of my classmates here who
I think half of my classmates here who
I think half of my classmates here who are going into green energy and climate
are going into green energy and climate
are going into green energy and climate tech just got really excited. So, thank
tech just got really excited. So, thank
tech just got really excited. So, thank you for that. The future is bright, my
you for that. The future is bright, my
you for that. The future is bright, my friends. Um, I I do also want to ask
friends. Um, I I do also want to ask
friends. Um, I I do also want to ask about another interest that you have in
about another interest that you have in
about another interest that you have in something that you've pledged time and
something that you've pledged time and
something that you've pledged time and resources towards, which is the
resources towards, which is the
resources towards, which is the legalization of psychedelics. And I just
legalization of psychedelics. And I just
legalization of psychedelics. And I just want to know like what inspired you to
want to know like what inspired you to
want to know like what inspired you to get involved with that and where do you
get involved with that and where do you
get involved with that and where do you think the opportunity is for that to
think the opportunity is for that to
think the opportunity is for that to succeed or just any general thoughts
succeed or just any general thoughts
succeed or just any general thoughts about that space which is kind of new
about that space which is kind of new
about that space which is kind of new and upcoming?
and upcoming?
and upcoming? Sure. So, I I think um I mean I'm I'm
Sure. So, I I think um I mean I'm I'm
Sure. So, I I think um I mean I'm I'm really excited about this. I feel like
really excited about this. I feel like
really excited about this. I feel like this is really at the beginning of a new
this is really at the beginning of a new
this is really at the beginning of a new frontier and how we help address so many
frontier and how we help address so many
frontier and how we help address so many mental health challenges. Um you know,
mental health challenges. Um you know,
mental health challenges. Um you know, I've struggled myself with depression.
I've struggled myself with depression.
I've struggled myself with depression. Um I know many people that have and I
Um I know many people that have and I
Um I know many people that have and I know many people that have taken the
know many people that have taken the
know many people that have taken the traditional route of of pharmaceuticals
traditional route of of pharmaceuticals
traditional route of of pharmaceuticals and talk therapy and and have not had
and talk therapy and and have not had
and talk therapy and and have not had success. Um, I had the opportunity,
success. Um, I had the opportunity,
success. Um, I had the opportunity, gosh, it was six, seven years ago, uh, a
gosh, it was six, seven years ago, uh, a
gosh, it was six, seven years ago, uh, a friend of mine, famous podcaster Tim
friend of mine, famous podcaster Tim
friend of mine, famous podcaster Tim Ferrris, many of you probably know, um,
Ferrris, many of you probably know, um,
Ferrris, many of you probably know, um, called me and and had known that I had
called me and and had known that I had
called me and and had known that I had worked with psychedelics myself and had
worked with psychedelics myself and had
worked with psychedelics myself and had found them, you know, very beneficial.
found them, you know, very beneficial.
found them, you know, very beneficial. Um and and we had shared that with each
Um and and we had shared that with each
Um and and we had shared that with each other and in private and um and he said
other and in private and um and he said
other and in private and um and he said you know the the John Hopkins is
you know the the John Hopkins is
you know the the John Hopkins is thinking about creating the first ever
thinking about creating the first ever
thinking about creating the first ever center for psychedelic research in the
center for psychedelic research in the
center for psychedelic research in the country and they're looking for a few
country and they're looking for a few
country and they're looking for a few philanthropist um to kind of step up and
philanthropist um to kind of step up and
philanthropist um to kind of step up and help you know endow this. And at that
help you know endow this. And at that
help you know endow this. And at that point, you know, most of my uh giving
point, you know, most of my uh giving
point, you know, most of my uh giving had been through Tom's and then also um
had been through Tom's and then also um
had been through Tom's and then also um a supporter of of some of these
a supporter of of some of these
a supporter of of some of these nonprofits like Charity Water that I'm a
nonprofits like Charity Water that I'm a
nonprofits like Charity Water that I'm a big fan of. And so this was kind of a
big fan of. And so this was kind of a
big fan of. And so this was kind of a you know, giving to a university and and
you know, giving to a university and and
you know, giving to a university and and helping endow a department for
helping endow a department for
helping endow a department for psychedelic research. This was really
psychedelic research. This was really
psychedelic research. This was really kind of outside of my scope. But, you
kind of outside of my scope. But, you
kind of outside of my scope. But, you know, I realized and Tim really helped
know, I realized and Tim really helped
know, I realized and Tim really helped me understand and see that there was
me understand and see that there was
me understand and see that there was going to be very few opportunities as a
going to be very few opportunities as a
going to be very few opportunities as a philanthropist to have their dollars be
philanthropist to have their dollars be
philanthropist to have their dollars be so leveraged because if if this worked
so leveraged because if if this worked
so leveraged because if if this worked and and John Hopkins could show, you
and and John Hopkins could show, you
and and John Hopkins could show, you know, the effects of psilocybin or MDMA
know, the effects of psilocybin or MDMA
know, the effects of psilocybin or MDMA or, you know, LSD on different mental
or, you know, LSD on different mental
or, you know, LSD on different mental health challenges that this could be the
health challenges that this could be the
health challenges that this could be the beginning of legalization and and really
beginning of legalization and and really
beginning of legalization and and really our society accepting that these are not
our society accepting that these are not
our society accepting that these are not necessarily drugs, but they're actually
necessarily drugs, but they're actually
necessarily drugs, but they're actually medicines.
medicines.
medicines. And um and so I made that donation and
And um and so I made that donation and
And um and so I made that donation and it was the largest donation that I had
it was the largest donation that I had
it was the largest donation that I had made to date at that time. And then
made to date at that time. And then
made to date at that time. And then about 2 years later u there's an
about 2 years later u there's an
about 2 years later u there's an organization called MAPS uh that has
organization called MAPS uh that has
organization called MAPS uh that has been working really hard to um put MDMA
been working really hard to um put MDMA
been working really hard to um put MDMA through the FDA um for mainly
through the FDA um for mainly
through the FDA um for mainly [clears throat] for helping with PTSD.
[clears throat] for helping with PTSD.
[clears throat] for helping with PTSD. And they were at a critical place in
And they were at a critical place in
And they were at a critical place in their FDA um kind of path and they
their FDA um kind of path and they
their FDA um kind of path and they needed to raise I think 10 million
needed to raise I think 10 million
needed to raise I think 10 million bucks. And so, interesting enough, Tim
bucks. And so, interesting enough, Tim
bucks. And so, interesting enough, Tim Ferrris called me again and uh and and
Ferrris called me again and uh and and
Ferrris called me again and uh and and and Tim and a guy named Joe Green were
and Tim and a guy named Joe Green were
and Tim and a guy named Joe Green were putting together this this round and
putting together this this round and
putting together this this round and trying to raise this for the nonprofit
trying to raise this for the nonprofit
trying to raise this for the nonprofit and they explained the benefit
and they explained the benefit
and they explained the benefit especially to many of our veterans. Um,
especially to many of our veterans. Um,
especially to many of our veterans. Um, you know, the statistic that haunts me
you know, the statistic that haunts me
you know, the statistic that haunts me every day when we think about our
every day when we think about our
every day when we think about our veteran community is that 17 veterans a
veteran community is that 17 veterans a
veteran community is that 17 veterans a day commit suicide. I mean, that's more
day commit suicide. I mean, that's more
day commit suicide. I mean, that's more people are dying of suicide than die in
people are dying of suicide than die in
people are dying of suicide than die in combat now. And that to me is just
combat now. And that to me is just
combat now. And that to me is just inexcusable. And so seeing how MDMA can
inexcusable. And so seeing how MDMA can
inexcusable. And so seeing how MDMA can have an effect on that um and helping
have an effect on that um and helping
have an effect on that um and helping with the PTSD and depression that many
with the PTSD and depression that many
with the PTSD and depression that many of them experience was, you know, really
of them experience was, you know, really
of them experience was, you know, really an amazing opportunity for me. And so I
an amazing opportunity for me. And so I
an amazing opportunity for me. And so I made that investment. Um and then I just
made that investment. Um and then I just
made that investment. Um and then I just kind of sat back and watched these two
kind of sat back and watched these two
kind of sat back and watched these two for about four or five years. And then a
for about four or five years. And then a
for about four or five years. And then a couple years ago, I decided to get more
couple years ago, I decided to get more
couple years ago, I decided to get more engaged and more involved. Um, I made a
engaged and more involved. Um, I made a
engaged and more involved. Um, I made a a investment here in the in the Berkeley
a investment here in the in the Berkeley
a investment here in the in the Berkeley Center for Psychedelic Science. Uh, I
Center for Psychedelic Science. Uh, I
Center for Psychedelic Science. Uh, I continued to help John Hopkins. I've
continued to help John Hopkins. I've
continued to help John Hopkins. I've worked with the VA now on um some
worked with the VA now on um some
worked with the VA now on um some projects there. Um, and and what I'm
projects there. Um, and and what I'm
projects there. Um, and and what I'm finding is is, you know, I like things
finding is is, you know, I like things
finding is is, you know, I like things to happen fast. I think as an
to happen fast. I think as an
to happen fast. I think as an entrepreneur, that's kind of one of our
entrepreneur, that's kind of one of our
entrepreneur, that's kind of one of our characteristics. This is going to be a
characteristics. This is going to be a
characteristics. This is going to be a long process. I mean, this is something
long process. I mean, this is something
long process. I mean, this is something that I probably commit the rest of my
that I probably commit the rest of my
that I probably commit the rest of my life to because that's how long it's
life to because that's how long it's
life to because that's how long it's going to take for things to really
going to take for things to really
going to take for things to really become legal to have, you know,
become legal to have, you know,
become legal to have, you know, regulated access. We're working on a
regulated access. We're working on a
regulated access. We're working on a bill through the legislature in
bill through the legislature in
bill through the legislature in California right now um to create um
California right now um to create um
California right now um to create um regulated access for P tsd for MDMA and
regulated access for P tsd for MDMA and
regulated access for P tsd for MDMA and psilocybin. Um you know, that'll go to
psilocybin. Um you know, that'll go to
psilocybin. Um you know, that'll go to the governor's desk, you know, next year
the governor's desk, you know, next year
the governor's desk, you know, next year around September. So, there's a chance
around September. So, there's a chance
around September. So, there's a chance that it it gets passed. um which will
that it it gets passed. um which will
that it it gets passed. um which will then really you know change the
then really you know change the
then really you know change the landscape across the country. But this
landscape across the country. But this
landscape across the country. But this this to me is the most exciting you know
this to me is the most exciting you know
this to me is the most exciting you know kind of science advancement that we
kind of science advancement that we
kind of science advancement that we could have that could have the biggest
could have that could have the biggest
could have that could have the biggest impact on what really is a health
impact on what really is a health
impact on what really is a health epidemic in our country um with mental
epidemic in our country um with mental
epidemic in our country um with mental health issues. So I feel really really
health issues. So I feel really really
health issues. So I feel really really lucky. It's kind of like when Tom's idea
lucky. It's kind of like when Tom's idea
lucky. It's kind of like when Tom's idea came to me and I got to be part of a
came to me and I got to be part of a
came to me and I got to be part of a change in the way that business is done.
change in the way that business is done.
change in the way that business is done. You know, I feel really lucky that now I
You know, I feel really lucky that now I
You know, I feel really lucky that now I get to be a part of a way that hopefully
get to be a part of a way that hopefully
get to be a part of a way that hopefully we help, you know, millions, if not
we help, you know, millions, if not
we help, you know, millions, if not billions of people around the world uh
billions of people around the world uh
billions of people around the world uh with mental health issues.
with mental health issues.
with mental health issues. Thank you so much. I I do want to thank
Thank you so much. I I do want to thank
Thank you so much. I I do want to thank you for all that. I'm very passionate
you for all that. I'm very passionate
you for all that. I'm very passionate about the space personally. Do I wish I
about the space personally. Do I wish I
about the space personally. Do I wish I had my own Tim Ferrris? Absolutely. But
had my own Tim Ferrris? Absolutely. But
had my own Tim Ferrris? Absolutely. But otherwise, uh just interfacing with
otherwise, uh just interfacing with
otherwise, uh just interfacing with Well, be careful. Tim Ferris has been
Well, be careful. Tim Ferris has been
Well, be careful. Tim Ferris has been very expensive for me.
very expensive for me.
very expensive for me. Okay, [laughter]
Okay, [laughter]
Okay, [laughter] that's true. That's true. That's true.
that's true. That's true. That's true.
that's true. That's true. That's true. Um but no, it's a it's a huge need. Um,
Um but no, it's a it's a huge need. Um,
Um but no, it's a it's a huge need. Um, and I think I could ask about 200 follow
and I think I could ask about 200 follow
and I think I could ask about 200 follow questions about that, but I want to be
questions about that, but I want to be
questions about that, but I want to be conscious of time. We have a lot of
conscious of time. We have a lot of
conscious of time. We have a lot of questions here from the audience. So,
questions here from the audience. So,
questions here from the audience. So, the last question we want to ask you is,
the last question we want to ask you is,
the last question we want to ask you is, you know, you're sitting in front of a
you know, you're sitting in front of a
you know, you're sitting in front of a room of aspiring leaders, entrepreneurs,
room of aspiring leaders, entrepreneurs,
room of aspiring leaders, entrepreneurs, people who are going through their MBA
people who are going through their MBA
people who are going through their MBA or teaching at this program so that they
or teaching at this program so that they
or teaching at this program so that they can make a real difference. And so, just
can make a real difference. And so, just
can make a real difference. And so, just for the aspiring leaders in the room,
for the aspiring leaders in the room,
for the aspiring leaders in the room, whatever capacity that is, do you have
whatever capacity that is, do you have
whatever capacity that is, do you have any last words of advice, parting pieces
any last words of advice, parting pieces
any last words of advice, parting pieces of wisdom just for us aspiring leaders?
of wisdom just for us aspiring leaders?
of wisdom just for us aspiring leaders? Oh man, that's always the hardest
Oh man, that's always the hardest
Oh man, that's always the hardest question because like do I really want
question because like do I really want
question because like do I really want to sit here and give you advice? I mean
to sit here and give you advice? I mean
to sit here and give you advice? I mean I'm not that much older than most of you
I'm not that much older than most of you
I'm not that much older than most of you guys in the room. Um
guys in the room. Um
guys in the room. Um I mean I think we were talking about
I mean I think we were talking about
I mean I think we were talking about this back there and so I would say if if
this back there and so I would say if if
this back there and so I would say if if you have entrepreneurial desires um then
you have entrepreneurial desires um then
you have entrepreneurial desires um then this is advice that I think is
this is advice that I think is
this is advice that I think is particularly for you. uh and that is
particularly for you. uh and that is
particularly for you. uh and that is that I really had this kind of belief
that I really had this kind of belief
that I really had this kind of belief that you know to to found a successful
that you know to to found a successful
that you know to to found a successful company it it really has to come from a
company it it really has to come from a
company it it really has to come from a passion from a from a need from
passion from a from a need from
passion from a from a need from something that you've seen in the world
something that you've seen in the world
something that you've seen in the world that you're frustrated with or you don't
that you're frustrated with or you don't
that you're frustrated with or you don't agree with or there's a product you wish
agree with or there's a product you wish
agree with or there's a product you wish you had but you can't buy um I I really
you had but you can't buy um I I really
you had but you can't buy um I I really believe that that's where the great
believe that that's where the great
believe that that's where the great businesses come from. I think it's very
businesses come from. I think it's very
businesses come from. I think it's very dangerous to, you know, come get your
dangerous to, you know, come get your
dangerous to, you know, come get your MBA, learn about entrepreneurship, and
MBA, learn about entrepreneurship, and
MBA, learn about entrepreneurship, and be like, "Okay, I want to be an
be like, "Okay, I want to be an
be like, "Okay, I want to be an entrepreneur. I'm just going to go start
entrepreneur. I'm just going to go start
entrepreneur. I'm just going to go start a business without the passion behind
a business without the passion behind
a business without the passion behind it, you know, just because you think
it, you know, just because you think
it, you know, just because you think you're going to make money." I've seen
you're going to make money." I've seen
you're going to make money." I've seen most of those businesses fail, to be
most of those businesses fail, to be
most of those businesses fail, to be honest. And so, if you make making money
honest. And so, if you make making money
honest. And so, if you make making money the reason you're getting into
the reason you're getting into
the reason you're getting into entrepreneurship, I think it's
entrepreneurship, I think it's
entrepreneurship, I think it's dangerous. I think if you make the
dangerous. I think if you make the
dangerous. I think if you make the change you want to make or the product
change you want to make or the product
change you want to make or the product you want to create or the service you
you want to create or the service you
you want to create or the service you want to provide because you deeply care
want to provide because you deeply care
want to provide because you deeply care about it the reason you're becoming
about it the reason you're becoming
about it the reason you're becoming entrepreneurship then the money will
entrepreneurship then the money will
entrepreneurship then the money will follow and and so that's um that is what
follow and and so that's um that is what
follow and and so that's um that is what I would say is you know kind of one of
I would say is you know kind of one of
I would say is you know kind of one of the main pieces of advice I have for
the main pieces of advice I have for
the main pieces of advice I have for entrepreneurs. The second piece of
entrepreneurs. The second piece of
entrepreneurs. The second piece of advice, I'm gonna give two now. I just
advice, I'm gonna give two now. I just
advice, I'm gonna give two now. I just realized there's another one. Um,
realized there's another one. Um,
realized there's another one. Um, is
is
is you, this is, and this is going to be
you, this is, and this is going to be
you, this is, and this is going to be super contrarian to this group. I can
super contrarian to this group. I can
super contrarian to this group. I can tell already. Um, because you're
tell already. Um, because you're
tell already. Um, because you're spending so much money to get your MBA
spending so much money to get your MBA
spending so much money to get your MBA here. Um, and so as soon as you
here. Um, and so as soon as you
here. Um, and so as soon as you graduate, um, as soon as you graduate,
graduate, um, as soon as you graduate,
graduate, um, as soon as you graduate, you're going to have a ton of pressure
you're going to have a ton of pressure
you're going to have a ton of pressure yourself, your student loans, your
yourself, your student loans, your
yourself, your student loans, your parents perhaps, uh, to go out and get a
parents perhaps, uh, to go out and get a
parents perhaps, uh, to go out and get a job that will pay the most amount of
job that will pay the most amount of
job that will pay the most amount of money for a job that you can get. And
money for a job that you can get. And
money for a job that you can get. And that makes sense, you know, initially.
that makes sense, you know, initially.
that makes sense, you know, initially. Um, and but but but the truth is is no
Um, and but but but the truth is is no
Um, and but but but the truth is is no matter how much money you make working
matter how much money you make working
matter how much money you make working at a bank or a consulting firm or
at a bank or a consulting firm or
at a bank or a consulting firm or whatever. [snorts] Um, it's not going to
whatever. [snorts] Um, it's not going to
whatever. [snorts] Um, it's not going to actually have that big of impact on how
actually have that big of impact on how
actually have that big of impact on how much money you make in your life. And
much money you make in your life. And
much money you make in your life. And I'm not saying making money is the only
I'm not saying making money is the only
I'm not saying making money is the only reason that we work, but it is one of
reason that we work, but it is one of
reason that we work, but it is one of the reasons. And and so what I tell
the reasons. And and so what I tell
the reasons. And and so what I tell people is like instead of going out and
people is like instead of going out and
people is like instead of going out and just chasing the biggest paycheck right
just chasing the biggest paycheck right
just chasing the biggest paycheck right away, think about what you're most
away, think about what you're most
away, think about what you're most passionate about and invest your time at
passionate about and invest your time at
passionate about and invest your time at least for a few years in that without
least for a few years in that without
least for a few years in that without the pressure to pay those loans back
the pressure to pay those loans back
the pressure to pay those loans back right away or to make as much money as
right away or to make as much money as
right away or to make as much money as possible. Because what usually happens
possible. Because what usually happens
possible. Because what usually happens is if you follow your passion and you do
is if you follow your passion and you do
is if you follow your passion and you do something that you're really deeply
something that you're really deeply
something that you're really deeply interested in versus just trying to make
interested in versus just trying to make
interested in versus just trying to make money, you become really good at it. And
money, you become really good at it. And
money, you become really good at it. And when you become really good at anything,
when you become really good at anything,
when you become really good at anything, usually you make money at it. And so
usually you make money at it. And so
usually you make money at it. And so that I know is probably not gonna it's
that I know is probably not gonna it's
that I know is probably not gonna it's falling on some deaf ears, but that's
falling on some deaf ears, but that's
falling on some deaf ears, but that's fine. Um, and you may think I'm naive
fine. Um, and you may think I'm naive
fine. Um, and you may think I'm naive and idealistic and it's easy for me to
and idealistic and it's easy for me to
and idealistic and it's easy for me to say because I already made money. Um,
say because I already made money. Um,
say because I already made money. Um, but but but I really have seen I've
but but but I really have seen I've
but but but I really have seen I've given that advice u to undergrads and
given that advice u to undergrads and
given that advice u to undergrads and and MBAs over, you know, probably, you
and MBAs over, you know, probably, you
and MBAs over, you know, probably, you know, 15 years of speaking now. And I
know, 15 years of speaking now. And I
know, 15 years of speaking now. And I and I've had people come up to me, you
and I've had people come up to me, you
and I've had people come up to me, you know, or write me emails or letters
know, or write me emails or letters
know, or write me emails or letters years later and say that really made an
years later and say that really made an
years later and say that really made an impact because they end up getting into
impact because they end up getting into
impact because they end up getting into something that they deeply cared about.
something that they deeply cared about.
something that they deeply cared about. They got really great at it and then
They got really great at it and then
They got really great at it and then they made the money. So there you go.
they made the money. So there you go.
they made the money. So there you go. That's brilliant. Thank you so much,
That's brilliant. Thank you so much,
That's brilliant. Thank you so much, Blake.
Blake.
Blake. Turn it over to Nor.
Turn it over to Nor.
Turn it over to Nor. [applause]
[applause]
[applause] So, first I want to thank Blake for
So, first I want to thank Blake for
So, first I want to thank Blake for starting off with the loss. We don't do
starting off with the loss. We don't do
starting off with the loss. We don't do that very much in business [laughter]
that very much in business [laughter]
that very much in business [laughter] school. And I want to really acknowledge
school. And I want to really acknowledge
school. And I want to really acknowledge um Eli and Ivonne who came up with the
um Eli and Ivonne who came up with the
um Eli and Ivonne who came up with the questions and posed them so well. Don't
questions and posed them so well. Don't
questions and posed them so well. Don't you think? Yes, absolutely. [applause]
So, my name is Nora Silver. I'm a
So, my name is Nora Silver. I'm a faculty director for the Center for
faculty director for the Center for
faculty director for the Center for Social Sector Leadership, we call SISLE,
Social Sector Leadership, we call SISLE,
Social Sector Leadership, we call SISLE, and I'm an adjunct professor here. And
and I'm an adjunct professor here. And
and I'm an adjunct professor here. And Ann was kind enough to share this dean
Ann was kind enough to share this dean
Ann was kind enough to share this dean speaker series with us. Before we open
speaker series with us. Before we open
speaker series with us. Before we open it up for your questions, which I do
it up for your questions, which I do
it up for your questions, which I do have here. Thank you very much. Um, I
have here. Thank you very much. Um, I
have here. Thank you very much. Um, I have a few for you. How many of you are
have a few for you. How many of you are
have a few for you. How many of you are Berkeley or Hos students?
Berkeley or Hos students?
Berkeley or Hos students? Okay. How many of you came here in order
Okay. How many of you came here in order
Okay. How many of you came here in order to make a difference or create social
to make a difference or create social
to make a difference or create social impact at Berkeley or HOS? How many of
impact at Berkeley or HOS? How many of
impact at Berkeley or HOS? How many of you came here for that? Okay. About
you came here for that? Okay. About
you came here for that? Okay. About half. Do we have any alumni here?
half. Do we have any alumni here?
half. Do we have any alumni here? Welcome back.
Welcome back.
Welcome back. Do we have any friends and family of
Do we have any friends and family of
Do we have any friends and family of Blake or of Sisle? Yay, Emma. Ella. So,
Blake or of Sisle? Yay, Emma. Ella. So,
Blake or of Sisle? Yay, Emma. Ella. So, okay. So I want to take a minute with
okay. So I want to take a minute with
okay. So I want to take a minute with the students in particular. Whatever you
the students in particular. Whatever you
the students in particular. Whatever you came here for, if you are curious about
came here for, if you are curious about
came here for, if you are curious about the kind of innovation that Blake made
the kind of innovation that Blake made
the kind of innovation that Blake made or the kind of career path that he took,
or the kind of career path that he took,
or the kind of career path that he took, I want you to know, do you know that you
I want you to know, do you know that you
I want you to know, do you know that you can explore it through Sisle and I want
can explore it through Sisle and I want
can explore it through Sisle and I want to point out a couple things. Gloria,
to point out a couple things. Gloria,
to point out a couple things. Gloria, would you stand up? Gloria is right now
would you stand up? Gloria is right now
would you stand up? Gloria is right now teaching a course called reinventing
teaching a course called reinventing
teaching a course called reinventing capitalism for a sustainable, humane,
capitalism for a sustainable, humane,
capitalism for a sustainable, humane, and equitable world. It's offered this
and equitable world. It's offered this
and equitable world. It's offered this spring. It will be offered next spring
spring. It will be offered next spring
spring. It will be offered next spring as well. Stay there. In the fall, Gloria
as well. Stay there. In the fall, Gloria
as well. Stay there. In the fall, Gloria taught and will teach again business
taught and will teach again business
taught and will teach again business models for social impact. She teaches
models for social impact. She teaches
models for social impact. She teaches that with Kristen Gruce Richmond. Both
that with Kristen Gruce Richmond. Both
that with Kristen Gruce Richmond. Both of them are serial social entrepreneurs
of them are serial social entrepreneurs
of them are serial social entrepreneurs who can introduce you to different
who can introduce you to different
who can introduce you to different models such as that Blake described and
models such as that Blake described and
models such as that Blake described and describes in his book. Thank you,
describes in his book. Thank you,
describes in his book. Thank you, Gloria.
Gloria.
Gloria. [applause]
For those of you who want to found
For those of you who want to found something with social impact, we do have
something with social impact, we do have
something with social impact, we do have an impact startup disco. It's an
an impact startup disco. It's an
an impact startup disco. It's an intensive week-long with Jorge Calderon
intensive week-long with Jorge Calderon
intensive week-long with Jorge Calderon that will walk you through those initial
that will walk you through those initial
that will walk you through those initial kind of scary steps. And lastly, I'm
kind of scary steps. And lastly, I'm
kind of scary steps. And lastly, I'm going to be teaching in the fall a
going to be teaching in the fall a
going to be teaching in the fall a course on social movements. I'm
course on social movements. I'm
course on social movements. I'm exploring teaching that if that's what
exploring teaching that if that's what
exploring teaching that if that's what you're interested in. We have a lot of
you're interested in. We have a lot of
you're interested in. We have a lot of experiential programs and one I want to
experiential programs and one I want to
experiential programs and one I want to point out to you because it's coming up.
point out to you because it's coming up.
point out to you because it's coming up. If any of you are interested in trying
If any of you are interested in trying
If any of you are interested in trying exploring a social impact summer
exploring a social impact summer
exploring a social impact summer internship, we have a program that will
internship, we have a program that will
internship, we have a program that will supplement your salaries if that's what
supplement your salaries if that's what
supplement your salaries if that's what you're worried about. So come look for
you're worried about. So come look for
you're worried about. So come look for the HIA with net impact and we'll let
the HIA with net impact and we'll let
the HIA with net impact and we'll let you know about that. And we have career
you know about that. And we have career
you know about that. And we have career advising. So I and Sisil's executive
advising. So I and Sisil's executive
advising. So I and Sisil's executive director are serial social
director are serial social
director are serial social entrepreneurs. We have faculty 20 plus.
entrepreneurs. We have faculty 20 plus.
entrepreneurs. We have faculty 20 plus. Would you raise your hands here? I see
Would you raise your hands here? I see
Would you raise your hands here? I see you. Come on.
you. Come on.
you. Come on. that teach on things and know about
that teach on things and know about
that teach on things and know about things in the world because they're
things in the world because they're
things in the world because they're they're professional faculty, right? So,
they're professional faculty, right? So,
they're professional faculty, right? So, they're out there working on these
they're out there working on these
they're out there working on these issues at the same time that they're
issues at the same time that they're
issues at the same time that they're teaching you things like climate tech
teaching you things like climate tech
teaching you things like climate tech and global health and food and education
and global health and food and education
and global health and food and education and economic development. So, whatever
and economic development. So, whatever
and economic development. So, whatever is stirred up in you from hearing about
is stirred up in you from hearing about
is stirred up in you from hearing about Blake doesn't need to stop here. There
Blake doesn't need to stop here. There
Blake doesn't need to stop here. There are many more resources at Berkeley and
are many more resources at Berkeley and
are many more resources at Berkeley and at HOS available to you depending on
at HOS available to you depending on
at HOS available to you depending on your interests. And I just want to make
your interests. And I just want to make
your interests. And I just want to make sure you know where you've come to start
sure you know where you've come to start
sure you know where you've come to start the journey. So there are people here to
the journey. So there are people here to
the journey. So there are people here to help you with your curiosity, with your
help you with your curiosity, with your
help you with your curiosity, with your thinking, with your next adventure, no
thinking, with your next adventure, no
thinking, with your next adventure, no matter what that will be. But now we
matter what that will be. But now we
matter what that will be. But now we still have some more questions for
still have some more questions for
still have some more questions for Blake. So Blake, back to you.
Blake. So Blake, back to you.
Blake. So Blake, back to you. Ready?
Ready?
Ready? Sure.
Sure.
Sure. All right. I You may not be ready for
All right. I You may not be ready for
All right. I You may not be ready for this one, but we'll try.
this one, but we'll try.
this one, but we'll try. Have you paid your sister 500,000 plus
Have you paid your sister 500,000 plus
Have you paid your sister 500,000 plus interest? [laughter]
interest? [laughter]
interest? [laughter] So, how many people know this clothing
So, how many people know this clothing
So, how many people know this clothing brand called Aviator Nation? and raise
brand called Aviator Nation? and raise
brand called Aviator Nation? and raise your hand. Enough. Okay. So, my sister
your hand. Enough. Okay. So, my sister
your hand. Enough. Okay. So, my sister started this company and I think Forbes
started this company and I think Forbes
started this company and I think Forbes last said that she's a billionaire now.
last said that she's a billionaire now.
last said that she's a billionaire now. So, I think she's doing fine.
So, I think she's doing fine.
So, I think she's doing fine. Maybe she should pay you. No, I'm
Maybe she should pay you. No, I'm
Maybe she should pay you. No, I'm kidding. All right. All right. So,
kidding. All right. All right. So,
kidding. All right. All right. So, here's the next question. Tom's was a
here's the next question. Tom's was a
here's the next question. Tom's was a pioneering business model and I think
pioneering business model and I think
pioneering business model and I think received disproportionate scrutiny and
received disproportionate scrutiny and
received disproportionate scrutiny and criticism. How did you navigate it and
criticism. How did you navigate it and
criticism. How did you navigate it and what would you have done differently in
what would you have done differently in
what would you have done differently in hindsight? H yeah, I mean that was a
hindsight? H yeah, I mean that was a
hindsight? H yeah, I mean that was a really hard thing for me because you
really hard thing for me because you
really hard thing for me because you hear this you hear this uh adage that
hear this you hear this uh adage that
hear this you hear this uh adage that you know the media loves to build you up
you know the media loves to build you up
you know the media loves to build you up so then they can kind of tear you down
so then they can kind of tear you down
so then they can kind of tear you down and you know we got a lot of flak for
and you know we got a lot of flak for
and you know we got a lot of flak for you know how we were what impact were we
you know how we were what impact were we
you know how we were what impact were we having on communities by just going out
having on communities by just going out
having on communities by just going out and offering a handout and that was
and offering a handout and that was
and offering a handout and that was really hard because all we were trying
really hard because all we were trying
really hard because all we were trying to do is do good I mean I was in
to do is do good I mean I was in
to do is do good I mean I was in Argentina saw kids that didn't have
Argentina saw kids that didn't have
Argentina saw kids that didn't have shoes want to give them shoes like I
shoes want to give them shoes like I
shoes want to give them shoes like I didn't come with like a public health
didn't come with like a public health
didn't come with like a public health background or you know or you know and
background or you know or you know and
background or you know or you know and so we really at first were like you know
so we really at first were like you know
so we really at first were like you know angry and frustrated and scared by this
angry and frustrated and scared by this
angry and frustrated and scared by this uh and then we decided we had to lean
uh and then we decided we had to lean
uh and then we decided we had to lean into it and so ultimately what we did
into it and so ultimately what we did
into it and so ultimately what we did was we hired some people who did have
was we hired some people who did have
was we hired some people who did have that background who really understood
that background who really understood
that background who really understood the impact of you know giving free goods
the impact of you know giving free goods
the impact of you know giving free goods in these communities how it impact the
in these communities how it impact the
in these communities how it impact the local community um and that really led
local community um and that really led
local community um and that really led us to doing um some local manufacturing
us to doing um some local manufacturing
us to doing um some local manufacturing so we did a manufacturing
so we did a manufacturing
so we did a manufacturing [clears throat] plant in Haiti after you
[clears throat] plant in Haiti after you
[clears throat] plant in Haiti after you know the earthquake
know the earthquake
know the earthquake um which was really successful. We moved
um which was really successful. We moved
um which was really successful. We moved manufacturing also to Ethiopia um which
manufacturing also to Ethiopia um which
manufacturing also to Ethiopia um which you know created a lot of jobs in
you know created a lot of jobs in
you know created a lot of jobs in Ethiopia. And then the other thing we
Ethiopia. And then the other thing we
Ethiopia. And then the other thing we did is we realized that just giving
did is we realized that just giving
did is we realized that just giving shoes was not enough that we had to be
shoes was not enough that we had to be
shoes was not enough that we had to be part of uh health programs as well. And
part of uh health programs as well. And
part of uh health programs as well. And so there's a lot of health programs for
so there's a lot of health programs for
so there's a lot of health programs for um worms that kids get in Central and
um worms that kids get in Central and
um worms that kids get in Central and South America. And so they want them to
South America. And so they want them to
South America. And so they want them to come in and take the medicine that would
come in and take the medicine that would
come in and take the medicine that would keep them from getting worms. But the
keep them from getting worms. But the
keep them from getting worms. But the incentive a lot of kids wouldn't come do
incentive a lot of kids wouldn't come do
incentive a lot of kids wouldn't come do it. they started saying if you come you
it. they started saying if you come you
it. they started saying if you come you get a free pair of shoes and so that was
get a free pair of shoes and so that was
get a free pair of shoes and so that was a big incentive. We worked with the
a big incentive. We worked with the
a big incentive. We worked with the Gates Foundation on that. Um and so yeah
Gates Foundation on that. Um and so yeah
Gates Foundation on that. Um and so yeah so we just had to get smarter and better
so we just had to get smarter and better
so we just had to get smarter and better and more sophisticated in how we did our
and more sophisticated in how we did our
and more sophisticated in how we did our giving.
giving.
giving. Great. Thanks.
Great. Thanks.
Great. Thanks. So how have your previous ventures you
So how have your previous ventures you
So how have your previous ventures you mentioned four or five before Tom's
mentioned four or five before Tom's
mentioned four or five before Tom's right um allowed you to be successful as
right um allowed you to be successful as
right um allowed you to be successful as an entrepreneur? What did you bring
an entrepreneur? What did you bring
an entrepreneur? What did you bring forward from those? I mean just lots of
forward from those? I mean just lots of
forward from those? I mean just lots of learning. You know a couple of them were
learning. You know a couple of them were
learning. You know a couple of them were moderately successful and a couple of
moderately successful and a couple of
moderately successful and a couple of them were huge disasters. Um uh you know
them were huge disasters. Um uh you know
them were huge disasters. Um uh you know one disaster was after I was on it was
one disaster was after I was on it was
one disaster was after I was on it was not a disaster but it was a failed
not a disaster but it was a failed
not a disaster but it was a failed business I guess. Um is after I was on
business I guess. Um is after I was on
business I guess. Um is after I was on the Amazing Race um I recognized that
the Amazing Race um I recognized that
the Amazing Race um I recognized that there was this tremendous amount of
there was this tremendous amount of
there was this tremendous amount of interest in reality stars and their 15
interest in reality stars and their 15
interest in reality stars and their 15 minutes of fame. Um but there wasn't
minutes of fame. Um but there wasn't
minutes of fame. Um but there wasn't really a market for um really kind of
really a market for um really kind of
really a market for um really kind of capitalizing on that. And so um I
capitalizing on that. And so um I
capitalizing on that. And so um I decided to start at I think at the age
decided to start at I think at the age
decided to start at I think at the age of 25 I was very naive. I decided to
of 25 I was very naive. I decided to
of 25 I was very naive. I decided to start a television network and it was an
start a television network and it was an
start a television network and it was an all reality cable channel in which I
all reality cable channel in which I
all reality cable channel in which I went around and bought the rerun rights
went around and bought the rerun rights
went around and bought the rerun rights of reality shows because once you kind
of reality shows because once you kind
of reality shows because once you kind of knew who won they really had no
of knew who won they really had no
of knew who won they really had no interest at the networks. But what I
interest at the networks. But what I
interest at the networks. But what I realized is people cared so much about
realized is people cared so much about
realized is people cared so much about the reality stars that you could pair
the reality stars that you could pair
the reality stars that you could pair the stars with the shows and they could
the stars with the shows and they could
the stars with the shows and they could kind of almost do like these shows where
kind of almost do like these shows where
kind of almost do like these shows where they gave commentary about what they
they gave commentary about what they
they gave commentary about what they were thinking when they did that move on
were thinking when they did that move on
were thinking when they did that move on Survivor or how they got that person
Survivor or how they got that person
Survivor or how they got that person outed on Big Brother or something like
outed on Big Brother or something like
outed on Big Brother or something like that. And so we were able to get the
that. And so we were able to get the
that. And so we were able to get the content for basically next to nothing.
content for basically next to nothing.
content for basically next to nothing. We knew that advertisers really wanted
We knew that advertisers really wanted
We knew that advertisers really wanted to reach this audience. It was mainly an
to reach this audience. It was mainly an
to reach this audience. It was mainly an 18 to 34 audience which was the key
18 to 34 audience which was the key
18 to 34 audience which was the key audience that advertisers wanted to
audience that advertisers wanted to
audience that advertisers wanted to reach. All these components showed that
reach. All these components showed that
reach. All these components showed that we were going to have incredible success
we were going to have incredible success
we were going to have incredible success in this business. Um the one thing we
in this business. Um the one thing we
in this business. Um the one thing we did not think about um which was the
did not think about um which was the
did not think about um which was the most important and the reason it failed
most important and the reason it failed
most important and the reason it failed was there were only about 10 cable
was there were only about 10 cable
was there were only about 10 cable operators in our country at that time um
operators in our country at that time um
operators in our country at that time um and including DirecTV satellite
and including DirecTV satellite
and including DirecTV satellite provider. And so the cable operators in
provider. And so the cable operators in
provider. And so the cable operators in DirecTV basically had a monopoly as to
DirecTV basically had a monopoly as to
DirecTV basically had a monopoly as to what content we see. It's not like today
what content we see. It's not like today
what content we see. It's not like today where you can see it on Hulu or you can
where you can see it on Hulu or you can
where you can see it on Hulu or you can see it on, you know, a number of
see it on, you know, a number of
see it on, you know, a number of different streaming networks. Um,
different streaming networks. Um,
different streaming networks. Um, obviously YouTube being one of the
obviously YouTube being one of the
obviously YouTube being one of the dominant players. Um, so we basically
dominant players. Um, so we basically
dominant players. Um, so we basically had an amazing product. Um, people
had an amazing product. Um, people
had an amazing product. Um, people wanted it and we had advertisers willing
wanted it and we had advertisers willing
wanted it and we had advertisers willing to pay for it. But our only way we're
to pay for it. But our only way we're
to pay for it. But our only way we're going to get anyone to ever see it was
going to get anyone to ever see it was
going to get anyone to ever see it was through these cable operators and they
through these cable operators and they
through these cable operators and they had no need for another network. I mean,
had no need for another network. I mean,
had no need for another network. I mean, they had 400 channels already. what was
they had 400 channels already. what was
they had 400 channels already. what was getting one more was not going to have
getting one more was not going to have
getting one more was not going to have anyone all of a sudden decide to pay for
anyone all of a sudden decide to pay for
anyone all of a sudden decide to pay for cable television. They were paying for
cable television. They were paying for
cable television. They were paying for cable television for many other reasons
cable television for many other reasons
cable television for many other reasons already. And so they basically said no,
already. And so they basically said no,
already. And so they basically said no, you know, we're not interested. And so
you know, we're not interested. And so
you know, we're not interested. And so we ended up going out of business. It
we ended up going out of business. It
we ended up going out of business. It was incredibly painful. I I had to lay
was incredibly painful. I I had to lay
was incredibly painful. I I had to lay off like 40 people. Um you know, it was
off like 40 people. Um you know, it was
off like 40 people. Um you know, it was it was a really challenging challenging
it was a really challenging challenging
it was a really challenging challenging situation. Um, and what I learned from
situation. Um, and what I learned from
situation. Um, and what I learned from that was is I never wanted to be in a
that was is I never wanted to be in a
that was is I never wanted to be in a business again where so few people had
business again where so few people had
business again where so few people had the power to make it work or not work.
the power to make it work or not work.
the power to make it work or not work. And so when I started Tom's, the great
And so when I started Tom's, the great
And so when I started Tom's, the great thing was is there's thousands of, you
thing was is there's thousands of, you
thing was is there's thousands of, you know, stores in America that sell shoes.
know, stores in America that sell shoes.
know, stores in America that sell shoes. And and so that was, you know, I didn't
And and so that was, you know, I didn't
And and so that was, you know, I didn't have to go out and, you know, get this
have to go out and, you know, get this
have to go out and, you know, get this one big fish customer. I could go and
one big fish customer. I could go and
one big fish customer. I could go and focus on one after another after another
focus on one after another after another
focus on one after another after another after another. And so that was one of
after another. And so that was one of
after another. And so that was one of the real lessons that I learned from a
the real lessons that I learned from a
the real lessons that I learned from a per an earlier business that you know
per an earlier business that you know
per an earlier business that you know failed that really helped me as I
failed that really helped me as I
failed that really helped me as I thought about Tom's.
thought about Tom's.
thought about Tom's. Great. Thank you. So the buy one give
Great. Thank you. So the buy one give
Great. Thank you. So the buy one give one model used by Toms has longstanding
one model used by Toms has longstanding
one model used by Toms has longstanding been a point of celebration. However,
been a point of celebration. However,
been a point of celebration. However, there have been shortcomings and
there have been shortcomings and
there have been shortcomings and challenges and all of that. Here's the
challenges and all of that. Here's the
challenges and all of that. Here's the big question. Is it truly possible to be
big question. Is it truly possible to be
big question. Is it truly possible to be a business for good? And how should
a business for good? And how should
a business for good? And how should incoming business leaders incorporate
incoming business leaders incorporate
incoming business leaders incorporate I'll read it as it says corporate
I'll read it as it says corporate
I'll read it as it says corporate philanthropy into their company brands?
Absolutely.
I can just talk loud too.
I can just talk loud too. Hello.
Hello.
Hello. We're trying to broadcast sole.
Hello. Great. Um I don't know how to
Hello. Great. Um I don't know how to juggle. I would love to learn though. Um
juggle. I would love to learn though. Um
juggle. I would love to learn though. Um so I yeah I mean I think that there's a
so I yeah I mean I think that there's a
so I yeah I mean I think that there's a lot of examples of businesses for good
lot of examples of businesses for good
lot of examples of businesses for good out there now. Um Tom's being one of
out there now. Um Tom's being one of
out there now. Um Tom's being one of them. Um I think the key is to really
them. Um I think the key is to really
them. Um I think the key is to really focus on you know kind of three things
focus on you know kind of three things
focus on you know kind of three things and you hear this a lot of time in
and you hear this a lot of time in
and you hear this a lot of time in conscious capitalism the three Ps you
conscious capitalism the three Ps you
conscious capitalism the three Ps you know people planet and the profit. Um
know people planet and the profit. Um
know people planet and the profit. Um you know by doing that you can really
you know by doing that you can really
you know by doing that you can really build a business where all those
build a business where all those
build a business where all those stakeholders are equally um benefiting.
stakeholders are equally um benefiting.
stakeholders are equally um benefiting. Um, I think the the I will say the bad
Um, I think the the I will say the bad
Um, I think the the I will say the bad news in all this is is that and because
news in all this is is that and because
news in all this is is that and because of the success of Tom's and other
of the success of Tom's and other
of the success of Tom's and other companies like Tom's, it's not as novel
companies like Tom's, it's not as novel
companies like Tom's, it's not as novel to be a business for good as it was when
to be a business for good as it was when
to be a business for good as it was when we started. When we started, there was
we started. When we started, there was
we started. When we started, there was nothing like this. I mean, there was Ben
nothing like this. I mean, there was Ben
nothing like this. I mean, there was Ben and Jerry's that had been giving, you
and Jerry's that had been giving, you
and Jerry's that had been giving, you know, there was the body shop that had
know, there was the body shop that had
know, there was the body shop that had been giving Anita erotic, but neither of
been giving Anita erotic, but neither of
been giving Anita erotic, but neither of them built their whole business on it
them built their whole business on it
them built their whole business on it like we did with Tom's. So, we really
like we did with Tom's. So, we really
like we did with Tom's. So, we really kind of pioneered this and several other
kind of pioneered this and several other
kind of pioneered this and several other businesses as well. But now today, if
businesses as well. But now today, if
businesses as well. But now today, if you were starting a business, I was
you were starting a business, I was
you were starting a business, I was talking to an entrepreneur the other day
talking to an entrepreneur the other day
talking to an entrepreneur the other day and they were saying, "Okay, well, we're
and they were saying, "Okay, well, we're
and they were saying, "Okay, well, we're going to incorporate this giving model,
going to incorporate this giving model,
going to incorporate this giving model, helping people get clean water, etc."
helping people get clean water, etc."
helping people get clean water, etc." And and they're going to invest a lot of
And and they're going to invest a lot of
And and they're going to invest a lot of money in that. And I said to them, and
money in that. And I said to them, and
money in that. And I said to them, and they thought it was weird coming from
they thought it was weird coming from
they thought it was weird coming from me. I said, "I don't think you should do
me. I said, "I don't think you should do
me. I said, "I don't think you should do that." I was like, "I don't think
that." I was like, "I don't think
that." I was like, "I don't think there's going to be enough return on
there's going to be enough return on
there's going to be enough return on your social investment to make it work."
your social investment to make it work."
your social investment to make it work." like I talked about from a marketing
like I talked about from a marketing
like I talked about from a marketing perspective because so many other
perspective because so many other
perspective because so many other companies are already doing it. So I
companies are already doing it. So I
companies are already doing it. So I think now what I would say for
think now what I would say for
think now what I would say for entrepreneurs that really want to do
entrepreneurs that really want to do
entrepreneurs that really want to do good in business is it's really
good in business is it's really
good in business is it's really important to incorporate it into the
important to incorporate it into the
important to incorporate it into the business model itself. So it can't it to
business model itself. So it can't it to
business model itself. So it can't it to do it as a add-on or to a if you do this
do it as a add-on or to a if you do this
do it as a add-on or to a if you do this we give this I think can be can be more
we give this I think can be can be more
we give this I think can be can be more difficult but if the but if the actual
difficult but if the but if the actual
difficult but if the but if the actual business itself and that's why I use the
business itself and that's why I use the
business itself and that's why I use the example of green energy if the business
example of green energy if the business
example of green energy if the business itself is making the planet a more
itself is making the planet a more
itself is making the planet a more sustainable place then it is a business
sustainable place then it is a business
sustainable place then it is a business that's doing good but it's also not
that's doing good but it's also not
that's doing good but it's also not necessarily having to carve out a
necessarily having to carve out a
necessarily having to carve out a percentage of its margin to do so.
percentage of its margin to do so.
percentage of its margin to do so. Okay. And the um the final question from
Okay. And the um the final question from
Okay. And the um the final question from the group is um you talk a lot about
the group is um you talk a lot about
the group is um you talk a lot about conscious capitalism and for-profit
conscious capitalism and for-profit
conscious capitalism and for-profit business and in your book you also
business and in your book you also
business and in your book you also herald or celebrate nonprofits and
herald or celebrate nonprofits and
herald or celebrate nonprofits and philanthropists and many people draw
philanthropists and many people draw
philanthropists and many people draw divisions between those but you don't.
divisions between those but you don't.
divisions between those but you don't. Can you talk a little bit about why you
Can you talk a little bit about why you
Can you talk a little bit about why you don't or how you see that? Well, what I
don't or how you see that? Well, what I
don't or how you see that? Well, what I tried to do when I wrote this book,
tried to do when I wrote this book,
tried to do when I wrote this book, which is a long time ago now, um, as I'm
which is a long time ago now, um, as I'm
which is a long time ago now, um, as I'm thinking about it and I'm trying to
thinking about it and I'm trying to
thinking about it and I'm trying to remember some of the things that I said,
remember some of the things that I said,
remember some of the things that I said, [laughter] um, but, um,
[laughter] um, but, um,
[laughter] um, but, um, you know, I tried to to really, uh,
you know, I tried to to really, uh,
you know, I tried to to really, uh, highlight, you know, two different
highlight, you know, two different
highlight, you know, two different organizations. businesses that were
organizations. businesses that were
organizations. businesses that were innovative and they're giving and doing
innovative and they're giving and doing
innovative and they're giving and doing good like Tom's. But then also some of
good like Tom's. But then also some of
good like Tom's. But then also some of these new nonprofits that were being
these new nonprofits that were being
these new nonprofits that were being created that were operating more like
created that were operating more like
created that were operating more like businesses. And so I'll use Charity
businesses. And so I'll use Charity
businesses. And so I'll use Charity Water as a great example. How many
Water as a great example. How many
Water as a great example. How many people know Charity Water? Raise your
people know Charity Water? Raise your
people know Charity Water? Raise your hand. Oh wow. Okay. You should
hand. Oh wow. Okay. You should
hand. Oh wow. Okay. You should definitely check out Charity Water. Not
definitely check out Charity Water. Not
definitely check out Charity Water. Not a lot of people here know, but they've
a lot of people here know, but they've
a lot of people here know, but they've been incredibly innovative. My friend
been incredibly innovative. My friend
been incredibly innovative. My friend Scott Harrison started it the same year
Scott Harrison started it the same year
Scott Harrison started it the same year I started Tom's and his idea was to
I started Tom's and his idea was to
I started Tom's and his idea was to bring water to as many people in the
bring water to as many people in the
bring water to as many people in the world that need it as possible. And if
world that need it as possible. And if
world that need it as possible. And if you look at the marketing of Charity
you look at the marketing of Charity
you look at the marketing of Charity Water, it's as it's as innovative and as
Water, it's as it's as innovative and as
Water, it's as it's as innovative and as slick as any new, you know, Silicon
slick as any new, you know, Silicon
slick as any new, you know, Silicon Valley backed tech startup. I mean, the
Valley backed tech startup. I mean, the
Valley backed tech startup. I mean, the branding is unbelievable. The
branding is unbelievable. The
branding is unbelievable. The storytelling is unbelievable. Um, it
storytelling is unbelievable. Um, it
storytelling is unbelievable. Um, it competes with any business in terms of
competes with any business in terms of
competes with any business in terms of marketing. Um, but it's a nonprofit. Uh
marketing. Um, but it's a nonprofit. Uh
marketing. Um, but it's a nonprofit. Uh they also do really really innovative
they also do really really innovative
they also do really really innovative marketing campaigns like asking people
marketing campaigns like asking people
marketing campaigns like asking people especially young you know young people
especially young you know young people
especially young you know young people people who are 15 16 17 years old to
people who are 15 16 17 years old to
people who are 15 16 17 years old to give up their birthday in order to raise
give up their birthday in order to raise
give up their birthday in order to raise money for um for wells and they found
money for um for wells and they found
money for um for wells and they found this to be incredibly successful um
this to be incredibly successful um
this to be incredibly successful um especially with social media because
especially with social media because
especially with social media because they can message out to all their
they can message out to all their
they can message out to all their friends like this year instead of having
friends like this year instead of having
friends like this year instead of having a party or bringing a present I'm asking
a party or bringing a present I'm asking
a party or bringing a present I'm asking you to donate $10 you know for every
you to donate $10 you know for every
you to donate $10 you know for every year I've been born or whatever. Uh, and
year I've been born or whatever. Uh, and
year I've been born or whatever. Uh, and they've raised, you know, I mean,
they've raised, you know, I mean,
they've raised, you know, I mean, literally they've raised, I think, $300
literally they've raised, I think, $300
literally they've raised, I think, $300 million in the last couple years through
million in the last couple years through
million in the last couple years through these campaigns. Um, so I also try to
these campaigns. Um, so I also try to
these campaigns. Um, so I also try to talk about like something like that in
talk about like something like that in
talk about like something like that in the book as well because I think at the
the book as well because I think at the
the book as well because I think at the end of the day there's a lot of big
end of the day there's a lot of big
end of the day there's a lot of big problems in the world that we want to
problems in the world that we want to
problems in the world that we want to solve and sometimes the right vehicle is
solve and sometimes the right vehicle is
solve and sometimes the right vehicle is a nonprofit and some like in the
a nonprofit and some like in the
a nonprofit and some like in the psychedelic space for instance um and
psychedelic space for instance um and
psychedelic space for instance um and then sometimes it is a for-profit like
then sometimes it is a for-profit like
then sometimes it is a for-profit like Tom's. And so I don't really see a
Tom's. And so I don't really see a
Tom's. And so I don't really see a distinction between either um as long as
distinction between either um as long as
distinction between either um as long as the organization is being used to
the organization is being used to
the organization is being used to address a major problem in the world.
address a major problem in the world.
address a major problem in the world. Great. Thank you, Blake. We're hitting
Great. Thank you, Blake. We're hitting
Great. Thank you, Blake. We're hitting our time and I'm going to take a little
our time and I'm going to take a little
our time and I'm going to take a little editorial freedom and go off script
editorial freedom and go off script
editorial freedom and go off script here. Um Alan Ross, would you come up
here. Um Alan Ross, would you come up
here. Um Alan Ross, would you come up here?
here?
here? [applause]
Allan does not know I was calling him up
Allan does not know I was calling him up here, so bear with us.
here, so bear with us.
here, so bear with us. Allan is doing something I think is very
Allan is doing something I think is very
Allan is doing something I think is very innovative as a philanthropist and he
innovative as a philanthropist and he
innovative as a philanthropist and he sent out an email just yesterday asking
sent out an email just yesterday asking
sent out an email just yesterday asking us to vote. So Alan, I want to
us to vote. So Alan, I want to
us to vote. So Alan, I want to relinquish the final two minutes to you
relinquish the final two minutes to you
relinquish the final two minutes to you to make a pitch to the group.
to make a pitch to the group.
to make a pitch to the group. Well, thank you so much. It's very
Well, thank you so much. It's very
Well, thank you so much. It's very sweet. It's very surprising. Um,
sweet. It's very surprising. Um,
sweet. It's very surprising. Um, [laughter]
[laughter]
[laughter] um, I started something a couple years
um, I started something a couple years
um, I started something a couple years ago called the Chris Kindness Award. And
ago called the Chris Kindness Award. And
ago called the Chris Kindness Award. And everyone calls me Chris. I'm Allan. Um,
everyone calls me Chris. I'm Allan. Um,
everyone calls me Chris. I'm Allan. Um, I named it after my kid's preschool
I named it after my kid's preschool
I named it after my kid's preschool teacher who died. Uh, just the sweetest
teacher who died. Uh, just the sweetest
teacher who died. Uh, just the sweetest guy I ever met. And I give a thousand
guy I ever met. And I give a thousand
guy I ever met. And I give a thousand dollars every month to someone in
dollars every month to someone in
dollars every month to someone in Berkeley who does a kind act, random
Berkeley who does a kind act, random
Berkeley who does a kind act, random acts of kindness. We've had a gas
acts of kindness. We've had a gas
acts of kindness. We've had a gas station attendant, someone who
station attendant, someone who
station attendant, someone who volunteers, children's hospital, a
volunteers, children's hospital, a
volunteers, children's hospital, a teacher. uh this month was a 16-year-old
teacher. uh this month was a 16-year-old
teacher. uh this month was a 16-year-old at Berkeley High who's from Afghanistan,
at Berkeley High who's from Afghanistan,
at Berkeley High who's from Afghanistan, just arrived in America a year ago, who
just arrived in America a year ago, who
just arrived in America a year ago, who helps new coming uh kids from all over
helps new coming uh kids from all over
helps new coming uh kids from all over the world acclimate to Berkeley High.
the world acclimate to Berkeley High.
the world acclimate to Berkeley High. Sweet, sweet stories. And we just
Sweet, sweet stories. And we just
Sweet, sweet stories. And we just announced our three finalists for this
announced our three finalists for this
announced our three finalists for this month um on Monday. One of whom is a HOS
month um on Monday. One of whom is a HOS
month um on Monday. One of whom is a HOS person, former student of mine of 20
person, former student of mine of 20
person, former student of mine of 20 years ago, Olive Davis. Anyone know
years ago, Olive Davis. Anyone know
years ago, Olive Davis. Anyone know Olive?
Olive?
Olive? wonderful woman who uh was with Yay for
wonderful woman who uh was with Yay for
wonderful woman who uh was with Yay for a while, young entrepreneurs at HOS, and
a while, young entrepreneurs at HOS, and
a while, young entrepreneurs at HOS, and now she started BBE several years ago,
now she started BBE several years ago,
now she started BBE several years ago, giving back to the community, bringing
giving back to the community, bringing
giving back to the community, bringing in youngsters from middle school to HOS
in youngsters from middle school to HOS
in youngsters from middle school to HOS to educate them about business to get
to educate them about business to get
to educate them about business to get them interested so they'll go on to
them interested so they'll go on to
them interested so they'll go on to college and all. Wonderful person.
college and all. Wonderful person.
college and all. Wonderful person. Anyone can vote.
Anyone can vote.
Anyone can vote. Chriskindnessawward.org.
Chriskindnessawward.org.
Chriskindnessawward.org. Um voting goes through Friday. If you
Um voting goes through Friday. If you
Um voting goes through Friday. If you want to vote for all of that would be
want to vote for all of that would be
want to vote for all of that would be wonderful. And we need nominations.
wonderful. And we need nominations.
wonderful. And we need nominations. We're seeking nominations all the time.
We're seeking nominations all the time.
We're seeking nominations all the time. Go on our website, nominate anyone who
Go on our website, nominate anyone who
Go on our website, nominate anyone who lives, works, or goes to school in
lives, works, or goes to school in
lives, works, or goes to school in Berkeley. And we've we're raising money
Berkeley. And we've we're raising money
Berkeley. And we've we're raising money now. We now give second and third prize
now. We now give second and third prize
now. We now give second and third prize cash prizes also. And we're trying to
cash prizes also. And we're trying to
cash prizes also. And we're trying to grow throughout the community and beyond
grow throughout the community and beyond
grow throughout the community and beyond Berkeley as well. So
Berkeley as well. So
Berkeley as well. So chriskindnessawward.org.
chriskindnessawward.org.
chriskindnessawward.org. Thank you so much, Nora. Thank you,
Thank you so much, Nora. Thank you,
Thank you so much, Nora. Thank you, Dean. Appreciate it. [applause]
Thank you. So, we know that many of you
Thank you. So, we know that many of you are doing meaningful and interesting
are doing meaningful and interesting
are doing meaningful and interesting things for your local communities, for
things for your local communities, for
things for your local communities, for your friends, for your family. We want
your friends, for your family. We want
your friends, for your family. We want to thank you for all of that. For Blake,
to thank you for all of that. For Blake,
to thank you for all of that. For Blake, Ivonne, um, Eli, an thank you for
Ivonne, um, Eli, an thank you for
Ivonne, um, Eli, an thank you for coming. Thank you for listening. We hope
coming. Thank you for listening. We hope
coming. Thank you for listening. We hope you were inspired to go out and try
you were inspired to go out and try
you were inspired to go out and try something really meaningful to you that
something really meaningful to you that
something really meaningful to you that you're passionate about in the world.
you're passionate about in the world.
you're passionate about in the world. And H is here to help you. Thank you
And H is here to help you. Thank you
And H is here to help you. Thank you very much. [applause]
[applause]
