---
channel: The Midlife Chrysalis Podcast
collected_at: 2026-04-08T01:40:49.427728+00:00
original_input_url: https://youtu.be/oDGJcf00fpg?si=eETZ7RNKzc4dnE7Y
published_at: 20260116
source_group: youtube
source_id: youtube_oDGJcf00fpg
source_type: youtube_auto_caption
title: He Had Everything. Midlife Broke Him Anyway | Blake Mycoskie
uploader: The Midlife Chrysalis Podcast
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oDGJcf00fpg
---

I think that life is all about
I think that life is all about connection and community. It's all about
connection and community. It's all about
connection and community. It's all about relationships [music]
relationships [music]
relationships [music] and finding ways to connect with people
and finding ways to connect with people
and finding ways to connect with people deeply. Invest in those connections and
deeply. Invest in those connections and
deeply. Invest in those connections and never lose
never lose
never lose sight of how important that is. Make
sight of how important that is. Make
sight of how important that is. Make sure you really prioritize daily
sure you really prioritize daily
sure you really prioritize daily connection.
connection.
connection. Welcome [music] to the Midlife Chrysalis
Welcome [music] to the Midlife Chrysalis
Welcome [music] to the Midlife Chrysalis podcast with Chip Connley, where we
podcast with Chip Connley, where we
podcast with Chip Connley, where we explore how midlife isn't a [music]
explore how midlife isn't a [music]
explore how midlife isn't a [music] crisis, but a chrysalis, a time of
crisis, but a chrysalis, a time of
crisis, but a chrysalis, a time of profound transformation that can lead to
profound transformation that can lead to
profound transformation that can lead to the most meaningful chapter of your
the most meaningful chapter of your
the most meaningful chapter of your life.
life.
life. Welcome to the midlife crysis and this
Welcome to the midlife crysis and this
Welcome to the midlife crysis and this is Chip Connley. Blake McCausski has
is Chip Connley. Blake McCausski has
is Chip Connley. Blake McCausski has been a friend of mine for about a
been a friend of mine for about a
been a friend of mine for about a decade, probably a little bit more than
decade, probably a little bit more than
decade, probably a little bit more than that. Um, we first met, I think a dozen
that. Um, we first met, I think a dozen
that. Um, we first met, I think a dozen years ago when I was on my festival
years ago when I was on my festival
years ago when I was on my festival kick. I was studying festivals, going to
kick. I was studying festivals, going to
kick. I was studying festivals, going to festivals, and Blake was sort of
festivals, and Blake was sort of
festivals, and Blake was sort of noticing what I was doing and saying
noticing what I was doing and saying
noticing what I was doing and saying like, "Damn, that's a great job. That's
like, "Damn, that's a great job. That's
like, "Damn, that's a great job. That's like the most interesting person in the
like the most interesting person in the
like the most interesting person in the world kind of job, Chip."
world kind of job, Chip."
world kind of job, Chip." And then over the course of time as he
And then over the course of time as he
And then over the course of time as he ultimately uh sold half of his interest
ultimately uh sold half of his interest
ultimately uh sold half of his interest in Tom's shoes
in Tom's shoes
in Tom's shoes and then started to evolve into other
and then started to evolve into other
and then started to evolve into other things, we were able to start comparing
things, we were able to start comparing
things, we were able to start comparing notes a little bit because we both went
notes a little bit because we both went
notes a little bit because we both went through challenging times. My biggest
through challenging times. My biggest
through challenging times. My biggest challenge happened before I ever met
challenge happened before I ever met
challenge happened before I ever met Blake. Um I am gosh 15 16 years older
Blake. Um I am gosh 15 16 years older
Blake. Um I am gosh 15 16 years older than Blake. And so in some ways I became
than Blake. And so in some ways I became
than Blake. And so in some ways I became a little bit like his big brother
a little bit like his big brother
a little bit like his big brother because I actually I could relate to
because I actually I could relate to
because I actually I could relate to what he was going through. You know, the
what he was going through. You know, the
what he was going through. You know, the identity of being a high-profile founder
identity of being a high-profile founder
identity of being a high-profile founder and CEO and then moving on and then
and CEO and then moving on and then
and CEO and then moving on and then having some emotional and mental
having some emotional and mental
having some emotional and mental challenges and a little bit a little bit
challenges and a little bit a little bit
challenges and a little bit a little bit of suicidal ideiation. Um all of that
of suicidal ideiation. Um all of that
of suicidal ideiation. Um all of that was a bonding experience for me and
was a bonding experience for me and
was a bonding experience for me and Blake because in many ways I could be
Blake because in many ways I could be
Blake because in many ways I could be his support having gone through some of
his support having gone through some of
his support having gone through some of the things he was going through. So this
the things he was going through. So this
the things he was going through. So this is a deep emotional and you know really
is a deep emotional and you know really
is a deep emotional and you know really important uh episode especially for
important uh episode especially for
important uh episode especially for those of you who are dealing with
those of you who are dealing with
those of you who are dealing with friends or or your own life and you're
friends or or your own life and you're
friends or or your own life and you're addressing depression and um other
addressing depression and um other
addressing depression and um other issues that uh deserve love and care.
issues that uh deserve love and care.
issues that uh deserve love and care. Hope you enjoy it. Blake Macausski
Hope you enjoy it. Blake Macausski
Hope you enjoy it. Blake Macausski >> Chip Connley [laughter]
>> Chip Connley [laughter]
>> Chip Connley [laughter] >> welcome to my podcast and then soon
>> welcome to my podcast and then soon
>> welcome to my podcast and then soon after this I'm going to be on your
after this I'm going to be on your
after this I'm going to be on your podcast.
podcast.
podcast. >> We are some efficient human beings. We
>> We are some efficient human beings. We
>> We are some efficient human beings. We are. And you just were teaching at our
are. And you just were teaching at our
are. And you just were teaching at our campus in Baja, but you're here at the
campus in Baja, but you're here at the
campus in Baja, but you're here at the Santa Fe campus of MEA. Um,
Santa Fe campus of MEA. Um,
Santa Fe campus of MEA. Um, >> I had a great week last week. It was it
>> I had a great week last week. It was it
>> I had a great week last week. It was it was so nice. I mean, just the group was
was so nice. I mean, just the group was
was so nice. I mean, just the group was small as 12 people. So, it was very
small as 12 people. So, it was very
small as 12 people. So, it was very intimate. People just day one got super
intimate. People just day one got super
intimate. People just day one got super vulnerable, which is to me every
vulnerable, which is to me every
vulnerable, which is to me every vulnerable.
vulnerable.
vulnerable. >> I got very vulnerable and uh just the
>> I got very vulnerable and uh just the
>> I got very vulnerable and uh just the connection was awesome and uh we had a
connection was awesome and uh we had a
connection was awesome and uh we had a great time. We missed you. That was my
great time. We missed you. That was my
great time. We missed you. That was my first time to teach without you there
first time to teach without you there
first time to teach without you there next to me. I know.
next to me. I know.
next to me. I know. >> So, it's like I I've gone off, you know,
>> So, it's like I I've gone off, you know,
>> So, it's like I I've gone off, you know, you sent me off into the wild.
you sent me off into the wild.
you sent me off into the wild. >> You're good. I think I think you're I
>> You're good. I think I think you're I
>> You're good. I think I think you're I think you're just
think you're just
think you're just >> But I missed you, but it was good.
>> But I missed you, but it was good.
>> But I missed you, but it was good. >> Well, I I'm glad we get to spend some
>> Well, I I'm glad we get to spend some
>> Well, I I'm glad we get to spend some time together here.
time together here.
time together here. >> Me, too. So, boy, there's a lot to talk
>> Me, too. So, boy, there's a lot to talk
>> Me, too. So, boy, there's a lot to talk about and I didn't even script uh
about and I didn't even script uh
about and I didn't even script uh today's episode because I just felt like
today's episode because I just felt like
today's episode because I just felt like we have a lot to talk about regarding
we have a lot to talk about regarding
we have a lot to talk about regarding midlife, regarding
midlife, regarding
midlife, regarding identity, regarding mental and emotional
identity, regarding mental and emotional
identity, regarding mental and emotional health, regarding entrepreneurship. So,
health, regarding entrepreneurship. So,
health, regarding entrepreneurship. So, let's first dive in. For those who don't
let's first dive in. For those who don't
let's first dive in. For those who don't know the Blake McCauski story, give us
know the Blake McCauski story, give us
know the Blake McCauski story, give us the short version of
the short version of
the short version of what led you to creating Tom's and then
what led you to creating Tom's and then
what led you to creating Tom's and then you know what happened after you sold
you know what happened after you sold
you know what happened after you sold 50% interest in Tom's?
50% interest in Tom's?
50% interest in Tom's? >> Yeah. Well, I mean what what started
>> Yeah. Well, I mean what what started
>> Yeah. Well, I mean what what started Tom's was um I'd been an entrepreneur
Tom's was um I'd been an entrepreneur
Tom's was um I'd been an entrepreneur since I was 18. A lot of people don't
since I was 18. A lot of people don't
since I was 18. A lot of people don't know that. I dropped out of college
know that. I dropped out of college
know that. I dropped out of college because I started a laundry business
because I started a laundry business
because I started a laundry business called Easy Laundry. Uh, I ran that for
called Easy Laundry. Uh, I ran that for
called Easy Laundry. Uh, I ran that for a number of years. Then I got tired of
a number of years. Then I got tired of
a number of years. Then I got tired of doing people's clothes every day for a
doing people's clothes every day for a
doing people's clothes every day for a living and moved into the outdoor
living and moved into the outdoor
living and moved into the outdoor advertising business and then I started
advertising business and then I started
advertising business and then I started an online driver's ed company. Then I
an online driver's ed company. Then I
an online driver's ed company. Then I started a television network. I was the
started a television network. I was the
started a television network. I was the youngest person next to Ted Turner to
youngest person next to Ted Turner to
youngest person next to Ted Turner to ever start a cable network. Uh, and it
ever start a cable network. Uh, and it
ever start a cable network. Uh, and it was called re called Reality Central.
was called re called Reality Central.
was called re called Reality Central. And the reason I started that was that
And the reason I started that was that
And the reason I started that was that was when we had the huge reality TV
was when we had the huge reality TV
was when we had the huge reality TV craze. And my sister and I were on a
craze. And my sister and I were on a
craze. And my sister and I were on a reality show called The Amazing Race.
reality show called The Amazing Race.
reality show called The Amazing Race. And so we raced around the world for 31
And so we raced around the world for 31
And so we raced around the world for 31 days and after 31 days we lost a million
days and after 31 days we lost a million
days and after 31 days we lost a million dollars by four minutes.
dollars by four minutes.
dollars by four minutes. >> Oh no.
>> Oh no.
>> Oh no. >> I mean, but yeah, but it turned out
>> I mean, but yeah, but it turned out
>> I mean, but yeah, but it turned out okay. But I think what that led to was
okay. But I think what that led to was
okay. But I think what that led to was me seeing like what it felt like to have
me seeing like what it felt like to have
me seeing like what it felt like to have the 15 minutes of fame and that there
the 15 minutes of fame and that there
the 15 minutes of fame and that there was so much extra potential from the
was so much extra potential from the
was so much extra potential from the reality stars and reality shows that
reality stars and reality shows that
reality stars and reality shows that wasn't being kind of monetized by the
wasn't being kind of monetized by the
wasn't being kind of monetized by the networks because they would move on to
networks because they would move on to
networks because they would move on to the next show. And so I partnered with
the next show. And so I partnered with
the next show. And so I partnered with the founder of the e channel and we
the founder of the e channel and we
the founder of the e channel and we started this channel called reality
started this channel called reality
started this channel called reality central and uh ultimately we got crushed
central and uh ultimately we got crushed
central and uh ultimately we got crushed by Rupert Murdoch and Fox because they
by Rupert Murdoch and Fox because they
by Rupert Murdoch and Fox because they came out with Fox reality and they
came out with Fox reality and they
came out with Fox reality and they obviously had much deeper pockets. So
obviously had much deeper pockets. So
obviously had much deeper pockets. So that business failed.
that business failed.
that business failed. >> You introduced like like famous reality
>> You introduced like like famous reality
>> You introduced like like famous reality TV stars like that guy the naked guy
TV stars like that guy the naked guy
TV stars like that guy the naked guy Richard from Survivor. Was he part of
Richard from Survivor. Was he part of
Richard from Survivor. Was he part of this?
this?
this? >> Yeah, he was. So we do is what we do is
>> Yeah, he was. So we do is what we do is
>> Yeah, he was. So we do is what we do is we would buy the the second runs of
we would buy the the second runs of
we would buy the the second runs of Survivor and then we would have Richard
Survivor and then we would have Richard
Survivor and then we would have Richard Hatch host it like almost like a mystery
Hatch host it like almost like a mystery
Hatch host it like almost like a mystery dinner theater. So he would be like so
dinner theater. So he would be like so
dinner theater. So he would be like so this is why I really screwed over that
this is why I really screwed over that
this is why I really screwed over that lady was so that I could get her off the
lady was so that I could get her off the
lady was so that I could get her off the show and then take you know get this
show and then take you know get this
show and then take you know get this person to my alliance and people loved
person to my alliance and people loved
person to my alliance and people loved it. Like when we did the pilots people
it. Like when we did the pilots people
it. Like when we did the pilots people thought it was so cool because they got
thought it was so cool because they got
thought it was so cool because they got the inner workings. Yeah. And we could
the inner workings. Yeah. And we could
the inner workings. Yeah. And we could buy the content for nothing because they
buy the content for nothing because they
buy the content for nothing because they had there was no other market for it. It
had there was no other market for it. It
had there was no other market for it. It was one of those situations and it's a
was one of those situations and it's a
was one of those situations and it's a great business. It's probably one of the
great business. It's probably one of the
great business. It's probably one of the greatest business lessons I ever learned
greatest business lessons I ever learned
greatest business lessons I ever learned and it actually informed how I built
and it actually informed how I built
and it actually informed how I built Tom's and that is I don't ever want to
Tom's and that is I don't ever want to
Tom's and that is I don't ever want to be in a business where there's only five
be in a business where there's only five
be in a business where there's only five or six decision makers in the world that
or six decision makers in the world that
or six decision makers in the world that that basically choose your fate. So what
that basically choose your fate. So what
that basically choose your fate. So what happened is we had amazing programming
happened is we had amazing programming
happened is we had amazing programming that the advertisers wanted to advertise
that the advertisers wanted to advertise
that the advertisers wanted to advertise on because we were reaching that 18 to
on because we were reaching that 18 to
on because we were reaching that 18 to 34 demographic. We had tons of people
34 demographic. We had tons of people
34 demographic. We had tons of people wanting this content. People were
wanting this content. People were
wanting this content. People were obsessed with reality television then.
obsessed with reality television then.
obsessed with reality television then. But what the only way that people are
But what the only way that people are
But what the only way that people are going to see this content is if we could
going to see this content is if we could
going to see this content is if we could get deals done with, you know, Time
get deals done with, you know, Time
get deals done with, you know, Time Warner Cable, Chartered, Direct TV, all
Warner Cable, Chartered, Direct TV, all
Warner Cable, Chartered, Direct TV, all the cable operators. They're like at
the cable operators. They're like at
the cable operators. They're like at that time they're like six or seven in
that time they're like six or seven in
that time they're like six or seven in the country. They didn't need a new
the country. They didn't need a new
the country. They didn't need a new channel. They have 400 channels. So they
channel. They have 400 channels. So they
channel. They have 400 channels. So they had no economic incentive to really add
had no economic incentive to really add
had no economic incentive to really add us to their lineup. Even though their
us to their lineup. Even though their
us to their lineup. Even though their customers wanted it and advertisers were
customers wanted it and advertisers were
customers wanted it and advertisers were going to spend money on it. And so that
going to spend money on it. And so that
going to spend money on it. And so that business, we went bankrupt. It was my my
business, we went bankrupt. It was my my
business, we went bankrupt. It was my my most public failure. Uh it was painful.
most public failure. Uh it was painful.
most public failure. Uh it was painful. I was 27
I was 27
I was 27 when it went at under. We were we were
when it went at under. We were we were
when it went at under. We were we were we we were at it for about 3 years. But
we we were at it for about 3 years. But
we we were at it for about 3 years. But what I learned was I'm never going to
what I learned was I'm never going to
what I learned was I'm never going to start a business where my fate is in so
start a business where my fate is in so
start a business where my fate is in so few hands. Yes.
few hands. Yes.
few hands. Yes. >> Because if you don't get those seven
>> Because if you don't get those seven
>> Because if you don't get those seven people, you're out of business. Whereas
people, you're out of business. Whereas
people, you're out of business. Whereas when I started Tom's, you know, I could
when I started Tom's, you know, I could
when I started Tom's, you know, I could sell to thousands of mom and pop
sell to thousands of mom and pop
sell to thousands of mom and pop boutiques,
boutiques,
boutiques, >> you know, and then I could also sell the
>> you know, and then I could also sell the
>> you know, and then I could also sell the big ones like Nordstrom's. But you could
big ones like Nordstrom's. But you could
big ones like Nordstrom's. But you could really focus on all these small ones
really focus on all these small ones
really focus on all these small ones first and if 10 said no it didn't matter
first and if 10 said no it didn't matter
first and if 10 said no it didn't matter because there were 10 more down the
because there were 10 more down the
because there were 10 more down the road.
road.
road. >> So talk about Tom's.
>> So talk about Tom's.
>> So talk about Tom's. >> Yeah. So Tom's Tom started so I I had
>> Yeah. So Tom's Tom started so I I had
>> Yeah. So Tom's Tom started so I I had had the failure of u reality central
had the failure of u reality central
had the failure of u reality central which was pretty painful and then um I
which was pretty painful and then um I
which was pretty painful and then um I during that failure I had the idea for a
during that failure I had the idea for a
during that failure I had the idea for a online driver's ed company and then that
online driver's ed company and then that
online driver's ed company and then that was kind of moving along and I decided
was kind of moving along and I decided
was kind of moving along and I decided to take a little break because that was
to take a little break because that was
to take a little break because that was a kind of a it was the first online
a kind of a it was the first online
a kind of a it was the first online driver's ed company and it was full
driver's ed company and it was full
driver's ed company and it was full startup mode and I was exhausted once we
startup mode and I was exhausted once we
startup mode and I was exhausted once we launched. So, I went down to Argentina
launched. So, I went down to Argentina
launched. So, I went down to Argentina to take a little vacation. And when I
to take a little vacation. And when I
to take a little vacation. And when I was there, I was staying at this like uh
was there, I was staying at this like uh
was there, I was staying at this like uh polo camp. I was learning to play horse
polo camp. I was learning to play horse
polo camp. I was learning to play horse polo, which a lot of people don't
polo, which a lot of people don't
polo, which a lot of people don't realize, but that was one of the reasons
realize, but that was one of the reasons
realize, but that was one of the reasons I went. And that's how I met my original
I went. And that's how I met my original
I went. And that's how I met my original partner, Allejo. And um on the way from
partner, Allejo. And um on the way from
partner, Allejo. And um on the way from the city to the polo farms, we had to
the city to the polo farms, we had to
the city to the polo farms, we had to drive through some really like tough
drive through some really like tough
drive through some really like tough neighborhoods, like some really
neighborhoods, like some really
neighborhoods, like some really impoverished parts of rural Argentina.
impoverished parts of rural Argentina.
impoverished parts of rural Argentina. and there were all these kids on the
and there were all these kids on the
and there were all these kids on the streets and you know and they didn't
streets and you know and they didn't
streets and you know and they didn't have shoes and it just they didn't look
have shoes and it just they didn't look
have shoes and it just they didn't look like they're in good shape. And so when
like they're in good shape. And so when
like they're in good shape. And so when I asked one of the people, you know, why
I asked one of the people, you know, why
I asked one of the people, you know, why aren't these kids in school? They
aren't these kids in school? They
aren't these kids in school? They explained that
explained that
explained that the families didn't have enough money
the families didn't have enough money
the families didn't have enough money for the school fees and also for the
for the school fees and also for the
for the school fees and also for the uniforms which were required and shoes
uniforms which were required and shoes
uniforms which were required and shoes was part of the uniform. That's why they
was part of the uniform. That's why they
was part of the uniform. That's why they didn't have shoes. And so um there was
didn't have shoes. And so um there was
didn't have shoes. And so um there was this shoe that all the farmers and kind
this shoe that all the farmers and kind
this shoe that all the farmers and kind of gauchos were wearing uh called the
of gauchos were wearing uh called the
of gauchos were wearing uh called the Apriata. And I bought a pair like in the
Apriata. And I bought a pair like in the
Apriata. And I bought a pair like in the I think the grocery store, you know, not
I think the grocery store, you know, not
I think the grocery store, you know, not fancy at all. And I started wearing them
fancy at all. And I started wearing them
fancy at all. And I started wearing them and I loved them. And so I just one day
and I loved them. And so I just one day
and I loved them. And so I just one day had this idea sitting on the farm before
had this idea sitting on the farm before
had this idea sitting on the farm before Polo practiced. And I said, you know, to
Polo practiced. And I said, you know, to
Polo practiced. And I said, you know, to Alleo, I said, "What if like we sold
Alleo, I said, "What if like we sold
Alleo, I said, "What if like we sold these shoes in the States?" And every
these shoes in the States?" And every
these shoes in the States?" And every time we sold one of these, we could
time we sold one of these, we could
time we sold one of these, we could afford because they're cheap to make, we
afford because they're cheap to make, we
afford because they're cheap to make, we could afford to give one to one of the
could afford to give one to one of the
could afford to give one to one of the kids in this area so they could go to
kids in this area so they could go to
kids in this area so they could go to school and have the proper uniform. And
school and have the proper uniform. And
school and have the proper uniform. And it would be called the Tomorrow's Shoes
it would be called the Tomorrow's Shoes
it would be called the Tomorrow's Shoes Project. It wasn't even a business. It
Project. It wasn't even a business. It
Project. It wasn't even a business. It was like it was the first time in my
was like it was the first time in my
was like it was the first time in my life when I thought of something and I
life when I thought of something and I
life when I thought of something and I did not think of a way to monetize it at
did not think of a way to monetize it at
did not think of a way to monetize it at all. I And this is so interesting,
all. I And this is so interesting,
all. I And this is so interesting, right? Like so I had you didn't think
right? Like so I had you didn't think
right? Like so I had you didn't think about monetizing it. Didn't think of a
about monetizing it. Didn't think of a
about monetizing it. Didn't think of a business. It's going to be the tomorrow
business. It's going to be the tomorrow
business. It's going to be the tomorrow shoes project. Every time we sell one,
shoes project. Every time we sell one,
shoes project. Every time we sell one, we'll give one away. And we made 180
we'll give one away. And we made 180
we'll give one away. And we made 180 pairs in this guy's garage. I mean,
pairs in this guy's garage. I mean,
pairs in this guy's garage. I mean, literally handmade them, brought them
literally handmade them, brought them
literally handmade them, brought them back in like one duffel bag. And I was
back in like one duffel bag. And I was
back in like one duffel bag. And I was going to sell them to my friends and
going to sell them to my friends and
going to sell them to my friends and then go back at Christmas and give 200
then go back at Christmas and give 200
then go back at Christmas and give 200 kids a pair of shoes. And that's how we
kids a pair of shoes. And that's how we
kids a pair of shoes. And that's how we started. And and it's funny, everyone
started. And and it's funny, everyone
started. And and it's funny, everyone asked like, why is it called Tom's? That
asked like, why is it called Tom's? That
asked like, why is it called Tom's? That was probably the next question. And so
was probably the next question. And so
was probably the next question. And so we were calling them tomorrow shoes. And
we were calling them tomorrow shoes. And
we were calling them tomorrow shoes. And then when we were trying to create the
then when we were trying to create the
then when we were trying to create the little tag that would go on the back of
little tag that would go on the back of
little tag that would go on the back of the shoe, tomorrow's wouldn't fit. And
the shoe, tomorrow's wouldn't fit. And
the shoe, tomorrow's wouldn't fit. And [clears throat] so like just not in the,
[clears throat] so like just not in the,
[clears throat] so like just not in the, you know, very impromptu decision. I was
you know, very impromptu decision. I was
you know, very impromptu decision. I was like, let's just call them Tom's. That
like, let's just call them Tom's. That
like, let's just call them Tom's. That that fits. We put Tom's on the label.
that fits. We put Tom's on the label.
that fits. We put Tom's on the label. And uh we said, if you buy a pair today,
And uh we said, if you buy a pair today,
And uh we said, if you buy a pair today, we'll give away a pair tomorrow. And
we'll give away a pair tomorrow. And
we'll give away a pair tomorrow. And then Tom's shoes. And then, you know,
then Tom's shoes. And then, you know,
then Tom's shoes. And then, you know, people have been calling me Tom ever
people have been calling me Tom ever
people have been calling me Tom ever since. Were you the first to do the one
since. Were you the first to do the one
since. Were you the first to do the one for one? So, no one else had done that
for one? So, no one else had done that
for one? So, no one else had done that yet. The idea the idea that you buy
yet. The idea the idea that you buy
yet. The idea the idea that you buy something and you in essence in the
something and you in essence in the
something and you in essence in the process of buying your your your
process of buying your your your
process of buying your your your investing in whomever is going to be
investing in whomever is going to be
investing in whomever is going to be getting the shoes.
getting the shoes.
getting the shoes. >> Yeah. And what's interesting is we
>> Yeah. And what's interesting is we
>> Yeah. And what's interesting is we didn't even think like we even call it
didn't even think like we even call it
didn't even think like we even call it one for one. Like later people were
one for one. Like later people were
one for one. Like later people were like, "Oh, that's one for one." And we
like, "Oh, that's one for one." And we
like, "Oh, that's one for one." And we realized, "Oh, that's good. Let's
realized, "Oh, that's good. Let's
realized, "Oh, that's good. Let's trademark that." You know, and we just
trademark that." You know, and we just
trademark that." You know, and we just that's just what we did. We're selling a
that's just what we did. We're selling a
that's just what we did. We're selling a pair so we can give a pair. you know, we
pair so we can give a pair. you know, we
pair so we can give a pair. you know, we weren't even thinking about making money
weren't even thinking about making money
weren't even thinking about making money or anything. It was just like, let's
or anything. It was just like, let's
or anything. It was just like, let's just like sell enough so we can give
just like sell enough so we can give
just like sell enough so we can give these shoes away. And then later as the
these shoes away. And then later as the
these shoes away. And then later as the business grew and the cost went down and
business grew and the cost went down and
business grew and the cost went down and we were like, oh wow, we can make a lot
we were like, oh wow, we can make a lot
we were like, oh wow, we can make a lot of money and do this still. And then
of money and do this still. And then
of money and do this still. And then that's when we were like, and the whole
that's when we were like, and the whole
that's when we were like, and the whole model is one for one. And then, you
model is one for one. And then, you
model is one for one. And then, you know, that became our thing and you
know, that became our thing and you
know, that became our thing and you know, then so many other businesses did
know, then so many other businesses did
know, then so many other businesses did it after, which was great. It was a hell
it after, which was great. It was a hell
it after, which was great. It was a hell of a ride.
of a ride.
of a ride. >> So it grew really quickly. the fastest
>> So it grew really quickly. the fastest
>> So it grew really quickly. the fastest growing shoe company in the world for
growing shoe company in the world for
growing shoe company in the world for four years, beating Nike, Converse. I
four years, beating Nike, Converse. I
four years, beating Nike, Converse. I mean, it went, when we say quickly, I
mean, it went, when we say quickly, I
mean, it went, when we say quickly, I mean, we went from zero
mean, we went from zero
mean, we went from zero >> to 700 million in sales in seven years.
>> to 700 million in sales in seven years.
>> to 700 million in sales in seven years. >> And so much of that was because you were
>> And so much of that was because you were
>> And so much of that was because you were a master at PR, right? I mean, you knew
a master at PR, right? I mean, you knew
a master at PR, right? I mean, you knew you had a great story and you knew you
you had a great story and you knew you
you had a great story and you knew you were very telegenic. you were like
were very telegenic. you were like
were very telegenic. you were like somebody people just said, "Oh, I want
somebody people just said, "Oh, I want
somebody people just said, "Oh, I want to invest in that company because I I
to invest in that company because I I
to invest in that company because I I like him." Well, no, I mean, it's has
like him." Well, no, I mean, it's has
like him." Well, no, I mean, it's has nothing to do with looks or anything
nothing to do with looks or anything
nothing to do with looks or anything like that. Still a good-looking guy, but
like that. Still a good-looking guy, but
like that. Still a good-looking guy, but it had a lot to do with just the sense
it had a lot to do with just the sense
it had a lot to do with just the sense like this guy's got charisma and he's
like this guy's got charisma and he's
like this guy's got charisma and he's got he's got values, a values driven
got he's got values, a values driven
got he's got values, a values driven business. The product's affordable. It
business. The product's affordable. It
business. The product's affordable. It made people feel good. And so, you know,
made people feel good. And so, you know,
made people feel good. And so, you know, at some point then you decide that
at some point then you decide that
at some point then you decide that you're going to sell uh a portion of the
you're going to sell uh a portion of the
you're going to sell uh a portion of the business to Bang Capital. You know, who
business to Bang Capital. You know, who
business to Bang Capital. You know, who knew that they were into the shoe
knew that they were into the shoe
knew that they were into the shoe business.
business.
business. And what was that like? What was the
And what was that like? What was the
And what was that like? What was the process like of
process like of
process like of your identity having been the face Yeah.
your identity having been the face Yeah.
your identity having been the face Yeah. >> of this company and then all of a
>> of this company and then all of a
>> of this company and then all of a sudden, you know, you're still the face
sudden, you know, you're still the face
sudden, you know, you're still the face for a little while, but you're starting
for a little while, but you're starting
for a little while, but you're starting to ease yourself out of this. And you
to ease yourself out of this. And you
to ease yourself out of this. And you know what was was there an abyss?
know what was was there an abyss?
know what was was there an abyss? >> It's interesting the the selling 50% to
>> It's interesting the the selling 50% to
>> It's interesting the the selling 50% to Bane and in the process of that bringing
Bane and in the process of that bringing
Bane and in the process of that bringing on like an incredible CEO. That part was
on like an incredible CEO. That part was
on like an incredible CEO. That part was amazing. A lot of people get this part
amazing. A lot of people get this part
amazing. A lot of people get this part of the story wrong. So I'm glad we're
of the story wrong. So I'm glad we're
of the story wrong. So I'm glad we're talking about it. Bane was an incredible
talking about it. Bane was an incredible
talking about it. Bane was an incredible partner. I had so much fun just being
partner. I had so much fun just being
partner. I had so much fun just being the founder for those years and not
the founder for those years and not
the founder for those years and not having the day-to-day pressure of being
having the day-to-day pressure of being
having the day-to-day pressure of being the CEO. And I had the the the, you
the CEO. And I had the the the, you
the CEO. And I had the the the, you know, financial freedom that I had never
know, financial freedom that I had never
know, financial freedom that I had never had before. So I was much more relaxed.
had before. So I was much more relaxed.
had before. So I was much more relaxed. Those years were great. It was towards
Those years were great. It was towards
Those years were great. It was towards the end of that period when no matter
the end of that period when no matter
the end of that period when no matter what we did and we worked really hard to
what we did and we worked really hard to
what we did and we worked really hard to kind of really turn around the business
kind of really turn around the business
kind of really turn around the business because the business started going you
because the business started going you
because the business started going you know we the sales started declining and
know we the sales started declining and
know we the sales started declining and it wasn't because of Bane it wasn't
it wasn't because of Bane it wasn't
it wasn't because of Bane it wasn't because the CEO it was just that you
because the CEO it was just that you
because the CEO it was just that you can't be cool forever you know when
can't be cool forever you know when
can't be cool forever you know when you're making a single shoe you know
you're making a single shoe you know
you're making a single shoe you know fashion comes in and out and so um after
fashion comes in and out and so um after
fashion comes in and out and so um after I sold the business that the timing just
I sold the business that the timing just
I sold the business that the timing just wasn't good for for the second half of
wasn't good for for the second half of
wasn't good for for the second half of it and it it was really hard and it was
it and it it was really hard and it was
it and it it was really hard and it was hard to see because I really thought
hard to see because I really thought
hard to see because I really thought when I sold to Bane, we were going to be
when I sold to Bane, we were going to be
when I sold to Bane, we were going to be able to do all these other things and
able to do all these other things and
able to do all these other things and other categories and we were looking at,
other categories and we were looking at,
other categories and we were looking at, you know, Tom's water and all these
you know, Tom's water and all these
you know, Tom's water and all these different things with the one for one
different things with the one for one
different things with the one for one model. But because the business was
model. But because the business was
model. But because the business was shrinking in the shoes, we had to put
shrinking in the shoes, we had to put
shrinking in the shoes, we had to put all our attention there. So, it kind of
all our attention there. So, it kind of
all our attention there. So, it kind of stopped becoming fun. Not for any reason
stopped becoming fun. Not for any reason
stopped becoming fun. Not for any reason of my partners, it's just that, you
of my partners, it's just that, you
of my partners, it's just that, you know, the the market got really tough.
know, the the market got really tough.
know, the the market got really tough. But what really got hard was at the end
But what really got hard was at the end
But what really got hard was at the end of that cycle was when then another
of that cycle was when then another
of that cycle was when then another group came in and and bought it and took
group came in and and bought it and took
group came in and and bought it and took over. And then it was time for me to
over. And then it was time for me to
over. And then it was time for me to step aside and let them do it because
step aside and let them do it because
step aside and let them do it because the business really was challenged. And
the business really was challenged. And
the business really was challenged. And that's when I was in the abyss because
that's when I was in the abyss because
that's when I was in the abyss because >> And when was that? How long how long
>> And when was that? How long how long
>> And when was that? How long how long ago?
ago?
ago? >> That was um gosh that was 200 like
>> That was um gosh that was 200 like
>> That was um gosh that was 200 like 18ish. So yeah. So now we're Yeah. Seven
18ish. So yeah. So now we're Yeah. Seven
18ish. So yeah. So now we're Yeah. Seven years ago. Eight years ago. And that
years ago. Eight years ago. And that
years ago. Eight years ago. And that really, you know, was the beginning of
really, you know, was the beginning of
really, you know, was the beginning of my verse depressive experiences. And I
my verse depressive experiences. And I
my verse depressive experiences. And I think that I look back now and it was
think that I look back now and it was
think that I look back now and it was one, I no longer had my community
one, I no longer had my community
one, I no longer had my community because so many of my friends were
because so many of my friends were
because so many of my friends were people I worked with at Tom's. I didn't
people I worked with at Tom's. I didn't
people I worked with at Tom's. I didn't have purpose anymore because I didn't
have purpose anymore because I didn't
have purpose anymore because I didn't have something I was waking up every day
have something I was waking up every day
have something I was waking up every day like excited to work on or a challenge.
like excited to work on or a challenge.
like excited to work on or a challenge. And what I thought was my dream of
And what I thought was my dream of
And what I thought was my dream of moving to the mountains turned out to
moving to the mountains turned out to
moving to the mountains turned out to not be good for my mental health because
not be good for my mental health because
not be good for my mental health because it got dark at 5:00 p.m. you know half
it got dark at 5:00 p.m. you know half
it got dark at 5:00 p.m. you know half of the year.
of the year.
of the year. >> And this was in Jackson
>> And this was in Jackson
>> And this was in Jackson >> and this is in Jackson Hall. So even I
>> and this is in Jackson Hall. So even I
>> and this is in Jackson Hall. So even I was living in my dream house in the
was living in my dream house in the
was living in my dream house in the mountains
mountains
mountains >> um between not having purpose, not
>> um between not having purpose, not
>> um between not having purpose, not having community and getting dark. I
having community and getting dark. I
having community and getting dark. I started experiencing uh depression for
started experiencing uh depression for
started experiencing uh depression for the first time.
the first time.
the first time. >> So So let's that's that's the primary
>> So So let's that's that's the primary
>> So So let's that's that's the primary thing we're going to talk about here. I
thing we're going to talk about here. I
thing we're going to talk about here. I mean a lot of people are interviewing
mean a lot of people are interviewing
mean a lot of people are interviewing you and they want to get just into the
you and they want to get just into the
you and they want to get just into the entrepreneurial story but
entrepreneurial story but
entrepreneurial story but >> yeah the first part of this has already
>> yeah the first part of this has already
>> yeah the first part of this has already been told many times. It has been and
been told many times. It has been and
been told many times. It has been and and you know having Tony Shay wrote two
and you know having Tony Shay wrote two
and you know having Tony Shay wrote two of the forwards for two of my books and
of the forwards for two of my books and
of the forwards for two of my books and I have a lot of friends who have who are
I have a lot of friends who have who are
I have a lot of friends who have who are entrepreneurs who have been challenged
entrepreneurs who have been challenged
entrepreneurs who have been challenged including some who've taken their own
including some who've taken their own
including some who've taken their own lives and so talk about what that was
lives and so talk about what that was
lives and so talk about what that was like Blake you know you're the golden
like Blake you know you're the golden
like Blake you know you're the golden boy and like you know you've made a good
boy and like you know you've made a good
boy and like you know you've made a good lot of money and you you know you've got
lot of money and you you know you've got
lot of money and you you know you've got the outward trappings of a life that
the outward trappings of a life that
the outward trappings of a life that everybody is dreaming of and And you
everybody is dreaming of and And you
everybody is dreaming of and And you know, inside it's you're getting darker
know, inside it's you're getting darker
know, inside it's you're getting darker and darker. What what were what were the
and darker. What what were what were the
and darker. What what were what were the initial signs of a mental and emotional
initial signs of a mental and emotional
initial signs of a mental and emotional health crisis that was starting to
health crisis that was starting to
health crisis that was starting to arise?
arise?
arise? >> I knew I was going to be emotional being
>> I knew I was going to be emotional being
>> I knew I was going to be emotional being here. So, um, so after I after I exited
here. So, um, so after I after I exited
here. So, um, so after I after I exited Tom's and I was in Jackson and I started
Tom's and I was in Jackson and I started
Tom's and I was in Jackson and I started feeling depression around the winter
feeling depression around the winter
feeling depression around the winter time, I think closely related to it
time, I think closely related to it
time, I think closely related to it getting dark earlier. I think I panicked
getting dark earlier. I think I panicked
getting dark earlier. I think I panicked in some ways because I um I didn't want
in some ways because I um I didn't want
in some ways because I um I didn't want to feel that way and I never felt that
to feel that way and I never felt that
to feel that way and I never felt that way you know I mean you say golden boy I
way you know I mean you say golden boy I
way you know I mean you say golden boy I mean my you know my we joke that my
mean my you know my we joke that my
mean my you know my we joke that my parents call me the golden child like
parents call me the golden child like
parents call me the golden child like like I I I really lived this big larger
like I I I really lived this big larger
like I I I really lived this big larger than life and really connected life and
than life and really connected life and
than life and really connected life and beautiful life and then I started to
beautiful life and then I started to
beautiful life and then I started to feel depression and I didn't know what
feel depression and I didn't know what
feel depression and I didn't know what to do because I'd never experienced it.
to do because I'd never experienced it.
to do because I'd never experienced it. I did what probably a lot of people do
I did what probably a lot of people do
I did what probably a lot of people do who have a bunch of money and that is
who have a bunch of money and that is
who have a bunch of money and that is like okay I'm gonna spend my way out of
like okay I'm gonna spend my way out of
like okay I'm gonna spend my way out of this like what can I do to distract
this like what can I do to distract
this like what can I do to distract myself from these bad feelings and so
myself from these bad feelings and so
myself from these bad feelings and so built some crazy house went on
built some crazy house went on
built some crazy house went on ridiculous vacations like you know
ridiculous vacations like you know
ridiculous vacations like you know started collecting classic cars like
started collecting classic cars like
started collecting classic cars like anything climbing mountains racing cars
anything climbing mountains racing cars
anything climbing mountains racing cars I mean I did it all I mean I literally
I mean I did it all I mean I literally
I mean I did it all I mean I literally tried everything when I say when it
tried everything when I say when it
tried everything when I say when it comes to what to external I got divorced
comes to what to external I got divorced
comes to what to external I got divorced I got remarried I got divorced again I
I got remarried I got divorced again I
I got remarried I got divorced again I mean I made a total mess of my personal
mean I made a total mess of my personal
mean I made a total mess of my personal life.
life.
life. >> Would you have called this a midlife
>> Would you have called this a midlife
>> Would you have called this a midlife crisis? Would or does that just like
crisis? Would or does that just like
crisis? Would or does that just like does that feel way too cliche um for
does that feel way too cliche um for
does that feel way too cliche um for what you were going through?
what you were going through?
what you were going through? >> I think that feels too cliche for what I
>> I think that feels too cliche for what I
>> I think that feels too cliche for what I was going through. It was ironically
was going through. It was ironically
was going through. It was ironically during my midlife and we'll talk about
during my midlife and we'll talk about
during my midlife and we'll talk about the happiness index and all that because
the happiness index and all that because
the happiness index and all that because I could be my face could be at the
I could be my face could be at the
I could be my face could be at the bottom of that the exact year
bottom of that the exact year
bottom of that the exact year but it but it was but the one thing it
but it but it was but the one thing it
but it but it was but the one thing it was is it wasn't hap it wasn't severe
was is it wasn't hap it wasn't severe
was is it wasn't hap it wasn't severe yet and it was cyclical. So I'd kind of
yet and it was cyclical. So I'd kind of
yet and it was cyclical. So I'd kind of like go through a hard season, then I'd
like go through a hard season, then I'd
like go through a hard season, then I'd find some new hobby in the spring, you
find some new hobby in the spring, you
find some new hobby in the spring, you know, find new some new thing to focus
know, find new some new thing to focus
know, find new some new thing to focus on and and then I'd kind of feel good
on and and then I'd kind of feel good
on and and then I'd kind of feel good through the spring and summer and the
through the spring and summer and the
through the spring and summer and the fall and then we'd come again. And this
fall and then we'd come again. And this
fall and then we'd come again. And this put a lot of strain on my first
put a lot of strain on my first
put a lot of strain on my first marriage. And after about four or so
marriage. And after about four or so
marriage. And after about four or so years, um it did so much strain that I
years, um it did so much strain that I
years, um it did so much strain that I got divorced
got divorced
got divorced and and I started having bigger swings
and and I started having bigger swings
and and I started having bigger swings of these periods. By the way, during
of these periods. By the way, during
of these periods. By the way, during that time, um, I came down to visit you
that time, um, I came down to visit you
that time, um, I came down to visit you in Cabo and you were you were go you
in Cabo and you were you were go you
in Cabo and you were you were go you were golfing naked. Um, if I if I'm not
were golfing naked. Um, if I if I'm not
were golfing naked. Um, if I if I'm not mistaken,
mistaken,
mistaken, >> that might have been the midlife crisis.
>> that might have been the midlife crisis.
>> that might have been the midlife crisis. >> Yeah. Um, you did some golfing naked on
>> Yeah. Um, you did some golfing naked on
>> Yeah. Um, you did some golfing naked on on the course and I could feel the
on the course and I could feel the
on the course and I could feel the strain of you and and your and your now
strain of you and and your and your now
strain of you and and your and your now your your ex Heather
your your ex Heather
your your ex Heather and also I could feel a little bit and
and also I could feel a little bit and
and also I could feel a little bit and this was before it got really bad. I
this was before it got really bad. I
this was before it got really bad. I could feel this sense that Blake was
could feel this sense that Blake was
could feel this sense that Blake was seek searching for something.
seek searching for something.
seek searching for something. >> I was searching hard. Yeah. Yeah. And I
>> I was searching hard. Yeah. Yeah. And I
>> I was searching hard. Yeah. Yeah. And I searched really hard but I was mainly
searched really hard but I was mainly
searched really hard but I was mainly searching outside of myself like looking
searching outside of myself like looking
searching outside of myself like looking back now I was really looking for what
back now I was really looking for what
back now I was really looking for what can what who's what teacher what guru
can what who's what teacher what guru
can what who's what teacher what guru what psychedelic can I take like
what psychedelic can I take like
what psychedelic can I take like anything like you know and and so it was
anything like you know and and so it was
anything like you know and and so it was like that for four or five years and
like that for four or five years and
like that for four or five years and then about three years ago and one of
then about three years ago and one of
then about three years ago and one of the things I did to try to feel better
the things I did to try to feel better
the things I did to try to feel better is I moved my you know girlfriend at the
is I moved my you know girlfriend at the
is I moved my you know girlfriend at the time my e ex-wife and my kids all to
time my e ex-wife and my kids all to
time my e ex-wife and my kids all to Costa Rica and learn to become a great
Costa Rica and learn to become a great
Costa Rica and learn to become a great surfer. And that actually was pretty
surfer. And that actually was pretty
surfer. And that actually was pretty like
like
like cathartic in a way or numbing maybe
cathartic in a way or numbing maybe
cathartic in a way or numbing maybe depending on how you look at it because
depending on how you look at it because
depending on how you look at it because I was surfing all day every day then
I was surfing all day every day then
I was surfing all day every day then with the kids in the afternoon after
with the kids in the afternoon after
with the kids in the afternoon after school and that kind of worked for a
school and that kind of worked for a
school and that kind of worked for a while and then in when that stopped
while and then in when that stopped
while and then in when that stopped working is when we moved back or moved
working is when we moved back or moved
working is when we moved back or moved to California went to the bay but when I
to California went to the bay but when I
to California went to the bay but when I got to the bay is when it really got bad
got to the bay is when it really got bad
got to the bay is when it really got bad because now I didn't have surfing I
because now I didn't have surfing I
because now I didn't have surfing I didn't have my community again and
didn't have my community again and
didn't have my community again and didn't still didn't have purpose I was
didn't still didn't have purpose I was
didn't still didn't have purpose I was also at that time put on a bunch of
also at that time put on a bunch of
also at that time put on a bunch of pharmaceuticals I was misdiagnosed as
pharmaceuticals I was misdiagnosed as
pharmaceuticals I was misdiagnosed as being bipolar. And so then I was totally
being bipolar. And so then I was totally
being bipolar. And so then I was totally numb from these mood stabilizers and
numb from these mood stabilizers and
numb from these mood stabilizers and antiscychotics they had me on. So I
antiscychotics they had me on. So I
antiscychotics they had me on. So I found myself basically three years ago
found myself basically three years ago
found myself basically three years ago living in in the Bay. Um and I started
living in in the Bay. Um and I started
living in in the Bay. Um and I started downward spiraling and I started getting
downward spiraling and I started getting
downward spiraling and I started getting so dark that I would get out of bed. I
so dark that I would get out of bed. I
so dark that I would get out of bed. I wouldn't call my friends back. I
wouldn't call my friends back. I
wouldn't call my friends back. I completely isolated. Uh and then the
completely isolated. Uh and then the
completely isolated. Uh and then the worst part of it was I started getting
worst part of it was I started getting
worst part of it was I started getting really suicidal. And that was just like
really suicidal. And that was just like
really suicidal. And that was just like I mean I think back of those times and
I mean I think back of those times and
I mean I think back of those times and now it's like a movie. I mean I can't
now it's like a movie. I mean I can't
now it's like a movie. I mean I can't even imagine that I was the lead in cuz
even imagine that I was the lead in cuz
even imagine that I was the lead in cuz I would just wake up and I couldn't get
I would just wake up and I couldn't get
I would just wake up and I couldn't get that thought out of my head of like I
that thought out of my head of like I
that thought out of my head of like I don't want to be here anymore. I my best
don't want to be here anymore. I my best
don't want to be here anymore. I my best days are behind me. I'm totally trapped.
days are behind me. I'm totally trapped.
days are behind me. I'm totally trapped. There's no way I can get out of I can
There's no way I can get out of I can
There's no way I can get out of I can never redeem myself from the personal
never redeem myself from the personal
never redeem myself from the personal you know mess that I've made of my life.
you know mess that I've made of my life.
you know mess that I've made of my life. like you know my kids are going to I
like you know my kids are going to I
like you know my kids are going to I mean every negative thing anyone has
mean every negative thing anyone has
mean every negative thing anyone has ever said to themsself I said to myself
ever said to themsself I said to myself
ever said to themsself I said to myself all day every day and as you know like
all day every day and as you know like
all day every day and as you know like physicality has been a big part of my
physicality has been a big part of my
physicality has been a big part of my life surfing doing things like I didn't
life surfing doing things like I didn't
life surfing doing things like I didn't want to surf I didn't want to work out I
want to surf I didn't want to work out I
want to surf I didn't want to work out I didn't eat healthy I started drinking a
didn't eat healthy I started drinking a
didn't eat healthy I started drinking a lot and it was just not my thing at all
lot and it was just not my thing at all
lot and it was just not my thing at all never been a thing for me so I was like
never been a thing for me so I was like
never been a thing for me so I was like you know having a couple beers starting
you know having a couple beers starting
you know having a couple beers starting at like 3:00 in the afternoon basically
at like 3:00 in the afternoon basically
at like 3:00 in the afternoon basically until I could go to sleep
until I could go to sleep
until I could go to sleep >> and you were on medication during this
>> and you were on medication during this
>> and you were on medication during this And you were also doing psychedelics.
And you were also doing psychedelics.
And you were also doing psychedelics. >> No, no psychedelics during this time.
>> No, no psychedelics during this time.
>> No, no psychedelics during this time. >> Okay. Okay. So, you're on heavy
>> Okay. Okay. So, you're on heavy
>> Okay. Okay. So, you're on heavy medication. I was texting you. We were
medication. I was texting you. We were
medication. I was texting you. We were talking. Um, you actually came here a
talking. Um, you actually came here a
talking. Um, you actually came here a couple years ago before we actually
couple years ago before we actually
couple years ago before we actually opened and and you even said to me
opened and and you even said to me
opened and and you even said to me earlier today here on the rants that you
earlier today here on the rants that you
earlier today here on the rants that you you you're a you're so foggy about that
you you're a you're so foggy about that
you you're a you're so foggy about that period of your life. Yeah.
period of your life. Yeah.
period of your life. Yeah. >> You don't even remember it all that
>> You don't even remember it all that
>> You don't even remember it all that well.
well.
well. >> I remember coming. It's funny. I was
>> I remember coming. It's funny. I was
>> I remember coming. It's funny. I was telling some people earlier this morning
telling some people earlier this morning
telling some people earlier this morning like I remember coming here cuz I was
like I remember coming here cuz I was
like I remember coming here cuz I was just like Chip I just I just got to get
just like Chip I just I just got to get
just like Chip I just I just got to get out of the house and I got to just I
out of the house and I got to just I
out of the house and I got to just I just want to come talk and walk and we
just want to come talk and walk and we
just want to come talk and walk and we did but I don't even remember it much of
did but I don't even remember it much of
did but I don't even remember it much of it. Like I just remember like it was
it. Like I just remember like it was
it. Like I just remember like it was like a nice day to get out of San
like a nice day to get out of San
like a nice day to get out of San Francisco for the day and just have a
Francisco for the day and just have a
Francisco for the day and just have a reprieve from all the pressure I was
reprieve from all the pressure I was
reprieve from all the pressure I was feeling at home. If you're enjoying the
feeling at home. If you're enjoying the
feeling at home. If you're enjoying the conversations we've been having on the
conversations we've been having on the
conversations we've been having on the midlife crystis, I have a valuable offer
midlife crystis, I have a valuable offer
midlife crystis, I have a valuable offer for you to consider. My book, Learning
for you to consider. My book, Learning
for you to consider. My book, Learning to Love Midlife: 12 Reasons Why Life
to Love Midlife: 12 Reasons Why Life
to Love Midlife: 12 Reasons Why Life Gets Better with Age, is a national
Gets Better with Age, is a national
Gets Better with Age, is a national bestseller. And right now, you can get a
bestseller. And right now, you can get a
bestseller. And right now, you can get a copy for just the cost of shipping. It
copy for just the cost of shipping. It
copy for just the cost of shipping. It offers stories, research, and practices
offers stories, research, and practices
offers stories, research, and practices to help [music] you move from a midlife
to help [music] you move from a midlife
to help [music] you move from a midlife crisis to a midlife catalyst. And see
crisis to a midlife catalyst. And see
crisis to a midlife catalyst. And see this stage of life not as a decline, but
this stage of life not as a decline, but
this stage of life not as a decline, but an opportunity to flourish. Claim your
an opportunity to flourish. Claim your
an opportunity to flourish. Claim your copy today at
copy today at
copy today at meawwisdom.com/midlifebook.
>> So,
>> So, who is helping you during that time? Um,
who is helping you during that time? Um,
who is helping you during that time? Um, >> beside yourself.
>> beside yourself.
>> beside yourself. >> I was I was
>> I was I was
>> I was I was >> Oh, but I mean in seriousness like I I'm
>> Oh, but I mean in seriousness like I I'm
>> Oh, but I mean in seriousness like I I'm so grateful and I mean there's one
so grateful and I mean there's one
so grateful and I mean there's one message that I would love to share is if
message that I would love to share is if
message that I would love to share is if someone's listening to this and they're
someone's listening to this and they're
someone's listening to this and they're really suffering like the most important
really suffering like the most important
really suffering like the most important thing you can do is to tell some people
thing you can do is to tell some people
thing you can do is to tell some people about it. you know, because I thankfully
about it. you know, because I thankfully
about it. you know, because I thankfully for whatever my soul knew that I could
for whatever my soul knew that I could
for whatever my soul knew that I could not keep this alone when once it started
not keep this alone when once it started
not keep this alone when once it started getting really bad. I isolated a lot and
getting really bad. I isolated a lot and
getting really bad. I isolated a lot and didn't tell a lot of people until it got
didn't tell a lot of people until it got
didn't tell a lot of people until it got to the place where it was really dark.
to the place where it was really dark.
to the place where it was really dark. And then I, you know, say, "Hey, can I
And then I, you know, say, "Hey, can I
And then I, you know, say, "Hey, can I FaceTime you, Chip?" And we'd say,
FaceTime you, Chip?" And we'd say,
FaceTime you, Chip?" And we'd say, "Yeah, call me on Tuesday." And we would
"Yeah, call me on Tuesday." And we would
"Yeah, call me on Tuesday." And we would do a FaceTime and I don't remember what
do a FaceTime and I don't remember what
do a FaceTime and I don't remember what we talked about, but we did. And then
we talked about, but we did. And then
we talked about, but we did. And then I'd come here. Or I'd have a friend come
I'd come here. Or I'd have a friend come
I'd come here. Or I'd have a friend come up, you know, and we'd go hike in Mir
up, you know, and we'd go hike in Mir
up, you know, and we'd go hike in Mir Woods. And I even though I was a shell
Woods. And I even though I was a shell
Woods. And I even though I was a shell of myself, at least I was telling people
of myself, at least I was telling people
of myself, at least I was telling people like I'm suffering. Like make sure I'm
like I'm suffering. Like make sure I'm
like I'm suffering. Like make sure I'm going to be okay. And that was um and
going to be okay. And that was um and
going to be okay. And that was um and that to me still is the thing that
that to me still is the thing that
that to me still is the thing that really is the difference between me
really is the difference between me
really is the difference between me being above ground today and not because
being above ground today and not because
being above ground today and not because I've lost some friends to suicide now.
I've lost some friends to suicide now.
I've lost some friends to suicide now. And it's so sad. And this only common
And it's so sad. And this only common
And it's so sad. And this only common denominator I see is that everyone in
denominator I see is that everyone in
denominator I see is that everyone in their life was like I never knew it was
their life was like I never knew it was
their life was like I never knew it was as bad as that, you know, but in my life
as bad as that, you know, but in my life
as bad as that, you know, but in my life people knew because I was saying like I
people knew because I was saying like I
people knew because I was saying like I am not in a good place. I am not myself.
am not in a good place. I am not myself.
am not in a good place. I am not myself. And so I think just talking about it is
And so I think just talking about it is
And so I think just talking about it is something that truly can be life-
something that truly can be life-
something that truly can be life- saving.
saving.
saving. >> You made over time a shift from the
>> You made over time a shift from the
>> You made over time a shift from the pharmaceut pharmaceuticals. you did some
pharmaceut pharmaceuticals. you did some
pharmaceut pharmaceuticals. you did some plant medicine
plant medicine
plant medicine >> and you did some other kinds of um both
>> and you did some other kinds of um both
>> and you did some other kinds of um both physiological and and therapeutic um
physiological and and therapeutic um
physiological and and therapeutic um treatments. What what worked for you?
treatments. What what worked for you?
treatments. What what worked for you? >> I did a ton of things and that's and
>> I did a ton of things and that's and
>> I did a ton of things and that's and that's actually my podcast that you're
that's actually my podcast that you're
that's actually my podcast that you're going to be on later is called No Magic
going to be on later is called No Magic
going to be on later is called No Magic Pill because what I realized is there
Pill because what I realized is there
Pill because what I realized is there was no one path to me getting back on
was no one path to me getting back on
was no one path to me getting back on track. like there were so many things
track. like there were so many things
track. like there were so many things that all kind of helped in incremental
that all kind of helped in incremental
that all kind of helped in incremental ways and I think that when you are
ways and I think that when you are
ways and I think that when you are really depressed you're hoping that
really depressed you're hoping that
really depressed you're hoping that there's going to be a magic pill but I
there's going to be a magic pill but I
there's going to be a magic pill but I just don't think that there is and so
just don't think that there is and so
just don't think that there is and so some of the things that worked really
some of the things that worked really
some of the things that worked really great that I would recommend
great that I would recommend
great that I would recommend specifically for suicide out let's say
specifically for suicide out let's say
specifically for suicide out let's say start there ketamine treatment amazing
start there ketamine treatment amazing
start there ketamine treatment amazing because it somehow just knocks you out
because it somehow just knocks you out
because it somehow just knocks you out of it you have such an out-of body
of it you have such an out-of body
of it you have such an out-of body disassociative experience with you know
disassociative experience with you know
disassociative experience with you know the cosmos universe whatever you want to
the cosmos universe whatever you want to
the cosmos universe whatever you want to call it that when you come out, you just
call it that when you come out, you just
call it that when you come out, you just have a calmness. It's almost like you've
have a calmness. It's almost like you've
have a calmness. It's almost like you've seen death in a way and then you're and
seen death in a way and then you're and
seen death in a way and then you're and you but you're still alive and it is an
you but you're still alive and it is an
you but you're still alive and it is an incredible agent that we have available
incredible agent that we have available
incredible agent that we have available to us now. You know, it's legal in the
to us now. You know, it's legal in the
to us now. You know, it's legal in the United States. So, I would say that's a
United States. So, I would say that's a
United States. So, I would say that's a great first line of defense. I highly
great first line of defense. I highly
great first line of defense. I highly highly recommend that. Now, ketamine has
highly recommend that. Now, ketamine has
highly recommend that. Now, ketamine has also become abused um you know,
also become abused um you know,
also become abused um you know, recreationally. You have to be very
recreationally. You have to be very
recreationally. You have to be very careful. But, you know, with a clinic,
careful. But, you know, with a clinic,
careful. But, you know, with a clinic, with a practitioner, great idea if you
with a practitioner, great idea if you
with a practitioner, great idea if you know or someone in your life is
know or someone in your life is
know or someone in your life is suicidal. The second thing is
suicidal. The second thing is
suicidal. The second thing is transmagnetic stimulation.
transmagnetic stimulation.
transmagnetic stimulation. >> Explain that one.
>> Explain that one.
>> Explain that one. >> Yeah. So, uh I will do my best. Um
>> Yeah. So, uh I will do my best. Um
>> Yeah. So, uh I will do my best. Um basically, um this was actually invented
basically, um this was actually invented
basically, um this was actually invented in like the 70s, but um it was they have
in like the 70s, but um it was they have
in like the 70s, but um it was they have a magnet that they do an fMRI on your
a magnet that they do an fMRI on your
a magnet that they do an fMRI on your brain. They can see where there's
brain. They can see where there's
brain. They can see where there's certain neurons that are not firing and
certain neurons that are not firing and
certain neurons that are not firing and that should be firing. So, think of like
that should be firing. So, think of like
that should be firing. So, think of like a muscle that has atrophy. So, because
a muscle that has atrophy. So, because
a muscle that has atrophy. So, because those aren't firing, you're not getting
those aren't firing, you're not getting
those aren't firing, you're not getting the release of the positive hormones
the release of the positive hormones
the release of the positive hormones that you need to not be depressed. And
that you need to not be depressed. And
that you need to not be depressed. And so when they see depressed people, a lot
so when they see depressed people, a lot
so when they see depressed people, a lot of this area is not firing. So they're
of this area is not firing. So they're
of this area is not firing. So they're basically going to stimulate it with a
basically going to stimulate it with a
basically going to stimulate it with a magnet. Almost like remember those
magnet. Almost like remember those
magnet. Almost like remember those cheesy ads where they had the little
cheesy ads where they had the little
cheesy ads where they had the little electropads on the abs. Yeah. And you
electropads on the abs. Yeah. And you
electropads on the abs. Yeah. And you have them like in the Sky Mall magazine.
have them like in the Sky Mall magazine.
have them like in the Sky Mall magazine. Like if you just shock your abs, you're
Like if you just shock your abs, you're
Like if you just shock your abs, you're going to have abs like Have you seen
going to have abs like Have you seen
going to have abs like Have you seen those?
those?
those? >> It's a way to get a six-pack. Yes.
>> It's a way to get a six-pack. Yes.
>> It's a way to get a six-pack. Yes. Right. I I never tried. I don't didn't
Right. I I never tried. I don't didn't
Right. I I never tried. I don't didn't know if it works. But that idea is what
know if it works. But that idea is what
know if it works. But that idea is what they were doing. So if they shock that
they were doing. So if they shock that
they were doing. So if they shock that part of your brain enough, they kind of
part of your brain enough, they kind of
part of your brain enough, they kind of wake it up and then that gets you
wake it up and then that gets you
wake it up and then that gets you potentially out of that.
potentially out of that.
potentially out of that. >> So it's stiffer than electric
>> So it's stiffer than electric
>> So it's stiffer than electric electroshock therapy though. I mean
electroshock therapy though. I mean
electroshock therapy though. I mean >> very
>> very
>> very because that's something from Yeah. And
because that's something from Yeah. And
because that's something from Yeah. And I never think that's like one flew over
I never think that's like one flew over
I never think that's like one flew over the cuckoo.
the cuckoo.
the cuckoo. >> Yeah. And I thankfully never got that
>> Yeah. And I thankfully never got that
>> Yeah. And I thankfully never got that desperate. I thought about it though
desperate. I thought about it though
desperate. I thought about it though like I actually it was on my list of
like I actually it was on my list of
like I actually it was on my list of things to try. Okay. Okay. But it was
things to try. Okay. Okay. But it was
things to try. Okay. Okay. But it was luckily that but this is and so TMS for
luckily that but this is and so TMS for
luckily that but this is and so TMS for many many years you had to go for 15
many many years you had to go for 15
many many years you had to go for 15 minutes a day for 60 days straight. So
minutes a day for 60 days straight. So
minutes a day for 60 days straight. So you had to literally live like right
you had to literally live like right
you had to literally live like right next to the hospital and you're in kind
next to the hospital and you're in kind
next to the hospital and you're in kind of a huge part of your life. So this
of a huge part of your life. So this
of a huge part of your life. So this amazing uh doctor Nolan Williams
amazing uh doctor Nolan Williams
amazing uh doctor Nolan Williams unfortunately who has passed recently
unfortunately who has passed recently
unfortunately who has passed recently which is so sad because he was a friend
which is so sad because he was a friend
which is so sad because he was a friend and my doctor um he invented this thing
and my doctor um he invented this thing
and my doctor um he invented this thing called the Saint protocol and he figured
called the Saint protocol and he figured
called the Saint protocol and he figured out how to do 60 days and five days but
out how to do 60 days and five days but
out how to do 60 days and five days but 10 hours a day of this. So not not the
10 hours a day of this. So not not the
10 hours a day of this. So not not the most pleasant experience of your life. I
most pleasant experience of your life. I
most pleasant experience of your life. I mean, you're just like all you want to
mean, you're just like all you want to
mean, you're just like all you want to do is sleep because it's so exhausting,
do is sleep because it's so exhausting,
do is sleep because it's so exhausting, but you get 10 minutes of stimulation,
but you get 10 minutes of stimulation,
but you get 10 minutes of stimulation, 40-minute rest, 10 minutes of
40-minute rest, 10 minutes of
40-minute rest, 10 minutes of stimulation, and it is also it is has
stimulation, and it is also it is has
stimulation, and it is also it is has miraculous results for people who are
miraculous results for people who are
miraculous results for people who are suicidal, getting them out of it. Um,
suicidal, getting them out of it. Um,
suicidal, getting them out of it. Um, some people they'll do it once and
some people they'll do it once and
some people they'll do it once and they'll never be depressed day in their
they'll never be depressed day in their
they'll never be depressed day in their life like like like truly magic. Some
life like like like truly magic. Some
life like like like truly magic. Some people like me, it helped me for about 3
people like me, it helped me for about 3
people like me, it helped me for about 3 months and then I had to do it again.
months and then I had to do it again.
months and then I had to do it again. Um, so it kind of like tur it kind of
Um, so it kind of like tur it kind of
Um, so it kind of like tur it kind of like um almost like a car battery. It
like um almost like a car battery. It
like um almost like a car battery. It got it going, but my battery still
got it going, but my battery still
got it going, but my battery still needed to be replaced by all the
needed to be replaced by all the
needed to be replaced by all the internal healing and therapy and stuff,
internal healing and therapy and stuff,
internal healing and therapy and stuff, but then when the battery went dead
but then when the battery went dead
but then when the battery went dead again, it got it going again. So those
again, it got it going again. So those
again, it got it going again. So those were two things I would say in terms of
were two things I would say in terms of
were two things I would say in terms of if you're if you're suicidal I would say
if you're if you're suicidal I would say
if you're if you're suicidal I would say in terms of other stuff that I did and
in terms of other stuff that I did and
in terms of other stuff that I did and the thing that really had the most
the thing that really had the most
the thing that really had the most transformative effect for me was I
transformative effect for me was I
transformative effect for me was I started doing a lot of deep therapy and
started doing a lot of deep therapy and
started doing a lot of deep therapy and really kind of looking at every kind of
really kind of looking at every kind of
really kind of looking at every kind of decade of my life and and really trying
decade of my life and and really trying
decade of my life and and really trying to understand you know like where did
to understand you know like where did
to understand you know like where did certain feelings come from and and and
certain feelings come from and and and
certain feelings come from and and and and in doing that my therapist asked me
and in doing that my therapist asked me
and in doing that my therapist asked me if I wanted to do a psychedelic journey
if I wanted to do a psychedelic journey
if I wanted to do a psychedelic journey with them. And I had done IA and Iane
with them. And I had done IA and Iane
with them. And I had done IA and Iane and a lot of big psychedelics when I was
and a lot of big psychedelics when I was
and a lot of big psychedelics when I was feeling great. And they were amazing for
feeling great. And they were amazing for
feeling great. And they were amazing for making me feel more connected to people,
making me feel more connected to people,
making me feel more connected to people, more of a steward of the environment,
more of a steward of the environment,
more of a steward of the environment, me, you know, even kind of knowing how I
me, you know, even kind of knowing how I
me, you know, even kind of knowing how I can be a better dad. But I wasn't able
can be a better dad. But I wasn't able
can be a better dad. But I wasn't able to do psychedelics when I was on all the
to do psychedelics when I was on all the
to do psychedelics when I was on all the pharmaceuticals, right? And so after I
pharmaceuticals, right? And so after I
pharmaceuticals, right? And so after I got off all the pharmaceuticals, which
got off all the pharmaceuticals, which
got off all the pharmaceuticals, which was a whole another thing we
was a whole another thing we
was a whole another thing we >> And you went to program for that. Yeah.
>> And you went to program for that. Yeah.
>> And you went to program for that. Yeah. >> In Sedona called Alternative to Med
>> In Sedona called Alternative to Med
>> In Sedona called Alternative to Med Center, which was amazingly one of the
Center, which was amazingly one of the
Center, which was amazingly one of the reasons I'm also here. I got off all
reasons I'm also here. I got off all
reasons I'm also here. I got off all those. I did a a light San Pedro drink
those. I did a a light San Pedro drink
those. I did a a light San Pedro drink and San Pedro comes from the cactus. A
and San Pedro comes from the cactus. A
and San Pedro comes from the cactus. A lot of Native American, you know, First
lot of Native American, you know, First
lot of Native American, you know, First Nation peoples have used this for a long
Nation peoples have used this for a long
Nation peoples have used this for a long time. And we used a very light dose. And
time. And we used a very light dose. And
time. And we used a very light dose. And this is what I think is really
this is what I think is really
this is what I think is really interesting is like it was not some huge
interesting is like it was not some huge
interesting is like it was not some huge psychedelic journey. It was a light dose
psychedelic journey. It was a light dose
psychedelic journey. It was a light dose where I was totally with it, totally
where I was totally with it, totally
where I was totally with it, totally conscious, but it really they say it's a
conscious, but it really they say it's a
conscious, but it really they say it's a heart opener. It really opened my heart
heart opener. It really opened my heart
heart opener. It really opened my heart and with my eyes closed and some light
and with my eyes closed and some light
and with my eyes closed and some light music and the guidance of my therapist
music and the guidance of my therapist
music and the guidance of my therapist on his couch in Sedona, I was able to
on his couch in Sedona, I was able to
on his couch in Sedona, I was able to hear [snorts] some messages that I had
hear [snorts] some messages that I had
hear [snorts] some messages that I had never really heard before. And were
never really heard before. And were
never really heard before. And were these messages from God? Were they from
these messages from God? Were they from
these messages from God? Were they from my inner child? Were they from myself?
my inner child? Were they from myself?
my inner child? Were they from myself? Who knows? But the medicine opened up
Who knows? But the medicine opened up
Who knows? But the medicine opened up this big realization. And this is the
this big realization. And this is the
this big realization. And this is the thing that kind of really changed
thing that kind of really changed
thing that kind of really changed everything for me. And that was that um
everything for me. And that was that um
everything for me. And that was that um my whole life my suffering had come from
my whole life my suffering had come from
my whole life my suffering had come from a core wound. And the core wound was
a core wound. And the core wound was
a core wound. And the core wound was that I never felt that I was enough. And
that I never felt that I was enough. And
that I never felt that I was enough. And so I was able to go back with him and
so I was able to go back with him and
so I was able to go back with him and see different experiences in my life,
see different experiences in my life,
see different experiences in my life, some bullying, some conversations that
some bullying, some conversations that
some bullying, some conversations that were really challenging when I was young
were really challenging when I was young
were really challenging when I was young that that made me not feel enough. And
that that made me not feel enough. And
that that made me not feel enough. And that and what this message told me was
that and what this message told me was
that and what this message told me was until I really heal that I was never
until I really heal that I was never
until I really heal that I was never going to escape this constant pressure
going to escape this constant pressure
going to escape this constant pressure and these cyclical depressive episodes.
and these cyclical depressive episodes.
and these cyclical depressive episodes. That was like just the most profound
That was like just the most profound
That was like just the most profound experience I had. It didn't heal me, but
experience I had. It didn't heal me, but
experience I had. It didn't heal me, but it gave me the awareness of where is all
it gave me the awareness of where is all
it gave me the awareness of where is all this coming from. And that I think is
this coming from. And that I think is
this coming from. And that I think is was such a gift. And from that, I
was such a gift. And from that, I
was such a gift. And from that, I started a real healing journey. And that
started a real healing journey. And that
started a real healing journey. And that was in January. So not that long ago. J
was in January. So not that long ago. J
was in January. So not that long ago. J >> and we're talking about January of 2025.
>> and we're talking about January of 2025.
>> and we're talking about January of 2025. >> So yeah, so a year ago basically is when
>> So yeah, so a year ago basically is when
>> So yeah, so a year ago basically is when I had that. And then from that
I had that. And then from that
I had that. And then from that realization with my therapist and and
realization with my therapist and and
realization with my therapist and and medicine doctor, we create a whole
medicine doctor, we create a whole
medicine doctor, we create a whole program to how I could retrain my uh my
program to how I could retrain my uh my
program to how I could retrain my uh my neuropathways,
neuropathways,
neuropathways, get rid of this limiting self-belief,
get rid of this limiting self-belief,
get rid of this limiting self-belief, which is I know something you guys talk
which is I know something you guys talk
which is I know something you guys talk a lot about at Modern Elder and and it
a lot about at Modern Elder and and it
a lot about at Modern Elder and and it was the beginning of this healing
was the beginning of this healing
was the beginning of this healing journey I've been on for the last nine
journey I've been on for the last nine
journey I've been on for the last nine months.
months.
months. >> So what does it mean to you about I am
>> So what does it mean to you about I am
>> So what does it mean to you about I am not enough? Because for me, I I say, you
not enough? Because for me, I I say, you
not enough? Because for me, I I say, you know, I I take a shower as as most
know, I I take a shower as as most
know, I I take a shower as as most people do every morning. I stack some
people do every morning. I stack some
people do every morning. I stack some habits. I I I say three prayers. I say
habits. I I I say three prayers. I say
habits. I I I say three prayers. I say the serenity prayer,
the serenity prayer,
the serenity prayer, >> the St. Francis prayer, and the seventh
>> the St. Francis prayer, and the seventh
>> the St. Francis prayer, and the seventh step 12step prayer. The seventh step
step 12step prayer. The seventh step
step 12step prayer. The seventh step prayer in the 12step program. And then I
prayer in the 12step program. And then I
prayer in the 12step program. And then I say six mantras three times each. But
say six mantras three times each. But
say six mantras three times each. But some of my mantras relate to what we're
some of my mantras relate to what we're
some of my mantras relate to what we're talking about here. Two of my mantras
talking about here. Two of my mantras
talking about here. Two of my mantras are, I'm lovable for who I am, not what
are, I'm lovable for who I am, not what
are, I'm lovable for who I am, not what I do. And I don't have to prove that I'm
I do. And I don't have to prove that I'm
I do. And I don't have to prove that I'm lovable. I have something special to
lovable. I have something special to
lovable. I have something special to share with you later.
share with you later.
share with you later. >> Okay. Does do those sound sound familiar
>> Okay. Does do those sound sound familiar
>> Okay. Does do those sound sound familiar to you?
to you?
to you? >> Totally. Yeah. Very familiar.
>> Totally. Yeah. Very familiar.
>> Totally. Yeah. Very familiar. >> Talk a little bit more about what does
>> Talk a little bit more about what does
>> Talk a little bit more about what does it mean to feel I'm not enough or I have
it mean to feel I'm not enough or I have
it mean to feel I'm not enough or I have to go prove that I'm enough.
to go prove that I'm enough.
to go prove that I'm enough. >> Yeah. So, I think what's interesting is
>> Yeah. So, I think what's interesting is
>> Yeah. So, I think what's interesting is so much of this is at the subconscious
so much of this is at the subconscious
so much of this is at the subconscious level. And so, when you talk about
level. And so, when you talk about
level. And so, when you talk about mantras, that was the first thing that
mantras, that was the first thing that
mantras, that was the first thing that really helped me heal. So, he actually
really helped me heal. So, he actually
really helped me heal. So, he actually gave me this mala. He made it for me,
gave me this mala. He made it for me,
gave me this mala. He made it for me, handmade it when I was with him. and and
handmade it when I was with him. and and
handmade it when I was with him. and and he said, "Uh, for the next 40 days, when
he said, "Uh, for the next 40 days, when
he said, "Uh, for the next 40 days, when you wake up in the morning, before you
you wake up in the morning, before you
you wake up in the morning, before you get out of bed, you're going to set your
get out of bed, you're going to set your
get out of bed, you're going to set your phone for a 20-minute timer, and you're
phone for a 20-minute timer, and you're
phone for a 20-minute timer, and you're going to put one hand on one bead, and
going to put one hand on one bead, and
going to put one hand on one bead, and you're going to close your eyes. You're
you're going to close your eyes. You're
you're going to close your eyes. You're going to say, "I am enough." And then
going to say, "I am enough." And then
going to say, "I am enough." And then you're going to put the hand on the next
you're going to put the hand on the next
you're going to put the hand on the next bead, and you're going to say, "I've
bead, and you're going to say, "I've
bead, and you're going to say, "I've always been enough. I am enough. I've
always been enough. I am enough. I've
always been enough. I am enough. I've always been enough." And you do that for
always been enough." And you do that for
always been enough." And you do that for 20 minutes in the morning and then 20
20 minutes in the morning and then 20
20 minutes in the morning and then 20 minutes before you go to bed for 40
minutes before you go to bed for 40
minutes before you go to bed for 40 days. And Chip, when I started it, I
days. And Chip, when I started it, I
days. And Chip, when I started it, I hated it. I was like, "This is so silly.
hated it. I was like, "This is so silly.
hated it. I was like, "This is so silly. Like, I'm still depressed. How is this
Like, I'm still depressed. How is this
Like, I'm still depressed. How is this going to help me? Like, I I don't think
going to help me? Like, I I don't think
going to help me? Like, I I don't think I'm not enough. What do you like?" And
I'm not enough. What do you like?" And
I'm not enough. What do you like?" And now that I was outside of the the
now that I was outside of the the
now that I was outside of the the medicine open heart, I was kind of
medicine open heart, I was kind of
medicine open heart, I was kind of closed off again. Like, I'm fine. Like,
closed off again. Like, I'm fine. Like,
closed off again. Like, I'm fine. Like, I don't need to do this. And like, I but
I don't need to do this. And like, I but
I don't need to do this. And like, I but I was still suffering so much that I was
I was still suffering so much that I was
I was still suffering so much that I was desperate to to to heal this. And I
desperate to to to heal this. And I
desperate to to to heal this. And I really trusted this man. Like, I really
really trusted this man. Like, I really
really trusted this man. Like, I really said like, "I'm putting my hands my life
said like, "I'm putting my hands my life
said like, "I'm putting my hands my life in your hands." And so I, you know,
in your hands." And so I, you know,
in your hands." And so I, you know, second week goes by, I'm still not
second week goes by, I'm still not
second week goes by, I'm still not enjoying it. On day 28, and it's funny,
enjoying it. On day 28, and it's funny,
enjoying it. On day 28, and it's funny, we had, we talked about this so much at
we had, we talked about this so much at
we had, we talked about this so much at the retreat last week at MEA that our
the retreat last week at MEA that our
the retreat last week at MEA that our group was going to be called the 28th
group was going to be called the 28th
group was going to be called the 28th day, but we we changed the name. But on
day, but we we changed the name. But on
day, but we we changed the name. But on the 20th day, it was like magic
the 20th day, it was like magic
the 20th day, it was like magic happened. I just I woke up that day. I
happened. I just I woke up that day. I
happened. I just I woke up that day. I started doing it. The 20 minutes felt
started doing it. The 20 minutes felt
started doing it. The 20 minutes felt like it was went by in two minutes. And
like it was went by in two minutes. And
like it was went by in two minutes. And then later that day, I was walking
then later that day, I was walking
then later that day, I was walking around different. I was not feeling
around different. I was not feeling
around different. I was not feeling pressure. I was not like beating myself
pressure. I was not like beating myself
pressure. I was not like beating myself up for my divorce or whatever. And I
up for my divorce or whatever. And I
up for my divorce or whatever. And I just started feeling more like myself or
just started feeling more like myself or
just started feeling more like myself or even like a self that I hadn't felt like
even like a self that I hadn't felt like
even like a self that I hadn't felt like since I was a kid. And then that night I
since I was a kid. And then that night I
since I was a kid. And then that night I was excited to do it. So I did again 29
was excited to do it. So I did again 29
was excited to do it. So I did again 29 day, 30-day. And honestly by the 40th
day, 30-day. And honestly by the 40th
day, 30-day. And honestly by the 40th day I my I was not having that limiting
day I my I was not having that limiting
day I my I was not having that limiting belief hardly at all or if at all. I was
belief hardly at all or if at all. I was
belief hardly at all or if at all. I was feeling so much like myself and and I
feeling so much like myself and and I
feeling so much like myself and and I was so excited to like share this. But
was so excited to like share this. But
was so excited to like share this. But at the same time when I was really
at the same time when I was really
at the same time when I was really suffering I had committed to going to
suffering I had committed to going to
suffering I had committed to going to India because one of my friends who also
India because one of my friends who also
India because one of my friends who also had a very near case with suicidality
had a very near case with suicidality
had a very near case with suicidality what got him out of it was this amazing
what got him out of it was this amazing
what got him out of it was this amazing pilgrimage he took to India and this
pilgrimage he took to India and this
pilgrimage he took to India and this program he did at this ashram. So when I
program he did at this ashram. So when I
program he did at this ashram. So when I was really suffering I called him one
was really suffering I called him one
was really suffering I called him one day and he's like just promise me you
day and he's like just promise me you
day and he's like just promise me you won't do something that's irreversible
won't do something that's irreversible
won't do something that's irreversible until you go to India. And I was like
until you go to India. And I was like
until you go to India. And I was like when can I go? He's like the next
when can I go? He's like the next
when can I go? He's like the next program is stop for six months. And I
program is stop for six months. And I
program is stop for six months. And I was like oh my gosh. He's like, "So, I
was like oh my gosh. He's like, "So, I
was like oh my gosh. He's like, "So, I have to make it six months." He's like,
have to make it six months." He's like,
have to make it six months." He's like, "You have to make it six months." And
"You have to make it six months." And
"You have to make it six months." And so, even though I was feeling better
so, even though I was feeling better
so, even though I was feeling better after doing this mantra and really
after doing this mantra and really
after doing this mantra and really working on this limiting belief, I still
working on this limiting belief, I still
working on this limiting belief, I still went to India. And in India is where the
went to India. And in India is where the
went to India. And in India is where the healing really solidified. And and I
healing really solidified. And and I
healing really solidified. And and I really started realizing what I am
really started realizing what I am
really started realizing what I am enough means is that I am enough. You
enough means is that I am enough. You
enough means is that I am enough. You are enough. We are enough. This moment
are enough. We are enough. This moment
are enough. We are enough. This moment is enough. And it and and like I don't
is enough. And it and and like I don't
is enough. And it and and like I don't need to there's nothing else I can add
need to there's nothing else I can add
need to there's nothing else I can add to this moment to make it any more
to this moment to make it any more
to this moment to make it any more enough. like like and I started
enough. like like and I started
enough. like like and I started connecting to like like you talked about
connecting to like like you talked about
connecting to like like you talked about the birds this morning just the birds
the birds this morning just the birds
the birds this morning just the birds the fact that these birds are chirping
the fact that these birds are chirping
the fact that these birds are chirping and singing is like is that's all I need
and singing is like is that's all I need
and singing is like is that's all I need today like you know and I started seeing
today like you know and I started seeing
today like you know and I started seeing how to was like the greatest you know
how to was like the greatest you know
how to was like the greatest you know kind of greatest you know for someone
kind of greatest you know for someone
kind of greatest you know for someone who doesn't feel enough it was like the
who doesn't feel enough it was like the
who doesn't feel enough it was like the greatest solution but it was temporary
greatest solution but it was temporary
greatest solution but it was temporary and it was external and it wasn't s I
and it was external and it wasn't s I
and it was external and it wasn't s I couldn't source it every single day and
couldn't source it every single day and
couldn't source it every single day and so um in India I really saw that that
so um in India I really saw that that
so um in India I really saw that that this was the way I wanted to live like
this was the way I wanted to live like
this was the way I wanted to live like this is this was true freedom for the
this is this was true freedom for the
this is this was true freedom for the first time in maybe my life since I was
first time in maybe my life since I was
first time in maybe my life since I was a little kid I really felt free and then
a little kid I really felt free and then
a little kid I really felt free and then when I was in India I also realized that
when I was in India I also realized that
when I was in India I also realized that I'm not the only person that feels this
I'm not the only person that feels this
I'm not the only person that feels this way like this is like a cultural
way like this is like a cultural
way like this is like a cultural sickness unfortunately with all the
sickness unfortunately with all the
sickness unfortunately with all the compariveness because of social media
compariveness because of social media
compariveness because of social media all the pressure that so many kids are
all the pressure that so many kids are
all the pressure that so many kids are receiving from their parents because how
receiving from their parents because how
receiving from their parents because how competitive things have gotten with
competitive things have gotten with
competitive things have gotten with digging into schools to you know just
digging into schools to you know just
digging into schools to you know just capitalism in general like at telling us
capitalism in general like at telling us
capitalism in general like at telling us we need something to be enough, you
we need something to be enough, you
we need something to be enough, you know, and I saw that that was and it was
know, and I saw that that was and it was
know, and I saw that that was and it was very clear to me. It was like kind of
very clear to me. It was like kind of
very clear to me. It was like kind of like the Tom's day. It was that when I
like the Tom's day. It was that when I
like the Tom's day. It was that when I had the idea for Tom's, it's like you
had the idea for Tom's, it's like you
had the idea for Tom's, it's like you need to go back and you need to create
need to go back and you need to create
need to go back and you need to create an organization to help people feel
an organization to help people feel
an organization to help people feel enough and to show them that there's so
enough and to show them that there's so
enough and to show them that there's so much freedom with this single
much freedom with this single
much freedom with this single foundational feeling. And I didn't know
foundational feeling. And I didn't know
foundational feeling. And I didn't know what I was going to do or how I was
what I was going to do or how I was
what I was going to do or how I was going to do it. But I came back to from
going to do it. But I came back to from
going to do it. But I came back to from India being determined to use my
India being determined to use my
India being determined to use my suffering and make sense of my suffering
suffering and make sense of my suffering
suffering and make sense of my suffering by creating an initiative that would
by creating an initiative that would
by creating an initiative that would help other people maybe not suffer in
help other people maybe not suffer in
help other people maybe not suffer in that way.
that way.
that way. >> And you're launching this initiative.
>> And you're launching this initiative.
>> And you're launching this initiative. Um, and let's talk about it. And there's
Um, and let's talk about it. And there's
Um, and let's talk about it. And there's a little box here on the table.
a little box here on the table.
a little box here on the table. >> Yeah, the box. I'll let you open it. So,
>> Yeah, the box. I'll let you open it. So,
>> Yeah, the box. I'll let you open it. So, but but before you do, before you do, I
but but before you do, before you do, I
but but before you do, before you do, I want to it's it's really cool how so
want to it's it's really cool how so
want to it's it's really cool how so many important people in my life have
many important people in my life have
many important people in my life have been there at the right time. So I get
been there at the right time. So I get
been there at the right time. So I get back from uh from India and I'm telling
back from uh from India and I'm telling
back from uh from India and I'm telling my best friend John who's a clothing
my best friend John who's a clothing
my best friend John who's a clothing designer and he was also our eyewear
designer and he was also our eyewear
designer and he was also our eyewear designer at Tom's. I was telling him the
designer at Tom's. I was telling him the
designer at Tom's. I was telling him the idea and I was like I just want to find
idea and I was like I just want to find
idea and I was like I just want to find a way to take this message out there and
a way to take this message out there and
a way to take this message out there and a way to have like this daily reminder
a way to have like this daily reminder
a way to have like this daily reminder that I could have every day that I am
that I could have every day that I am
that I could have every day that I am enough and that and I can share it with
enough and that and I can share it with
enough and that and I can share it with other people. And we're sitting there
other people. And we're sitting there
other people. And we're sitting there and he looked at my wrist and he goes,
and he looked at my wrist and he goes,
and he looked at my wrist and he goes, "Do a bracelet." And I'm like, "What do
"Do a bracelet." And I'm like, "What do
"Do a bracelet." And I'm like, "What do you mean a bracelet?" He's like, "You've
you mean a bracelet?" He's like, "You've
you mean a bracelet?" He's like, "You've always worn bracelets. I mean, ever
always worn bracelets. I mean, ever
always worn bracelets. I mean, ever since I known you before it was cool
since I known you before it was cool
since I known you before it was cool like and 20 years ago and there you got
like and 20 years ago and there you got
like and 20 years ago and there you got them from Argentina and Guatemala. You
them from Argentina and Guatemala. You
them from Argentina and Guatemala. You give shoes to kids in Cambodia to bring
give shoes to kids in Cambodia to bring
give shoes to kids in Cambodia to bring back a bracelet and you've always you've
back a bracelet and you've always you've
back a bracelet and you've always you've given bracelets away for your 40th
given bracelets away for your 40th
given bracelets away for your 40th birthday to all of us. Like we've all
birthday to all of us. Like we've all
birthday to all of us. Like we've all had bracelets because of you. Then do a
had bracelets because of you. Then do a
had bracelets because of you. Then do a bracelet. And I was like, you're right.
bracelet. And I was like, you're right.
bracelet. And I was like, you're right. It could be like my daily reminder. So
It could be like my daily reminder. So
It could be like my daily reminder. So we actually made this bracelet in India.
we actually made this bracelet in India.
we actually made this bracelet in India. It's hand beaded with these glass beads
It's hand beaded with these glass beads
It's hand beaded with these glass beads and it says enough on it. And the idea
and it says enough on it. And the idea
and it says enough on it. And the idea is you wear it as a daily reminder. So
is you wear it as a daily reminder. So
is you wear it as a daily reminder. So every day when I kind of see it, it's
every day when I kind of see it, it's
every day when I kind of see it, it's like my reminder like take a breath, do
like my reminder like take a breath, do
like my reminder like take a breath, do the mantra, whether it's in the shower,
the mantra, whether it's in the shower,
the mantra, whether it's in the shower, whatever. I am enough. I've always been
whatever. I am enough. I've always been
whatever. I am enough. I've always been enough. But as importantly, it's
enough. But as importantly, it's
enough. But as importantly, it's something that we can give to others to
something that we can give to others to
something that we can give to others to share this message. And so as so I he
share this message. And so as so I he
share this message. And so as so I he gave me the idea, we started making the
gave me the idea, we started making the
gave me the idea, we started making the bracelets, I started wearing one myself,
bracelets, I started wearing one myself,
bracelets, I started wearing one myself, but the best part about the idea came a
but the best part about the idea came a
but the best part about the idea came a little bit later when we thought, let's
little bit later when we thought, let's
little bit later when we thought, let's not sell the bracelet by itself. If you
not sell the bracelet by itself. If you
not sell the bracelet by itself. If you want to buy one for yourself, you have
want to buy one for yourself, you have
want to buy one for yourself, you have to buy one to give to someone else.
to buy one to give to someone else.
to buy one to give to someone else. Yeah. So, yeah. So,
Yeah. So, yeah. So,
Yeah. So, yeah. So, >> let's open this up. Okay. So, it's a new
>> let's open this up. Okay. So, it's a new
>> let's open this up. Okay. So, it's a new one for
one for
one for >> says you are enough uh on the front and
>> says you are enough uh on the front and
>> says you are enough uh on the front and then you've got one for you and one to
then you've got one for you and one to
then you've got one for you and one to give and they say enough. And 100% of
give and they say enough. And 100% of
give and they say enough. And 100% of the profits go to mental health
the profits go to mental health
the profits go to mental health organizations. They're transforming and
organizations. They're transforming and
organizations. They're transforming and saving lives every day. Um the URL is we
saving lives every day. Um the URL is we
saving lives every day. Um the URL is we are enough.org.
are enough.org.
are enough.org. And there's actually a little statement
And there's actually a little statement
And there's actually a little statement from you or actually it's a letter from
from you or actually it's a letter from
from you or actually it's a letter from you. And let's let you read this.
you. And let's let you read this.
you. And let's let you read this. >> Yeah. So this is what I was so excited
>> Yeah. So this is what I was so excited
>> Yeah. So this is what I was so excited to read to you, Chip, as I give you a
to read to you, Chip, as I give you a
to read to you, Chip, as I give you a bracelet. So I'm going to give you a
bracelet. So I'm going to give you a
bracelet. So I'm going to give you a bracelet. This is a ritual that we do.
bracelet. This is a ritual that we do.
bracelet. This is a ritual that we do. Hand out your hands. Open, please. Okay.
Hand out your hands. Open, please. Okay.
Hand out your hands. Open, please. Okay. So put it on here.
So put it on here.
So put it on here. And
And
And I am enough. For those who are who are
I am enough. For those who are who are
I am enough. For those who are who are not watching this uh and just listening,
not watching this uh and just listening,
not watching this uh and just listening, I am now enough. I am enough. enough
I am now enough. I am enough. enough
I am now enough. I am enough. enough given grace. And now the ritual really
given grace. And now the ritual really
given grace. And now the ritual really is this poem. So this poem was written
is this poem. So this poem was written
is this poem. So this poem was written by the great poet. Do you know InQ?
by the great poet. Do you know InQ?
by the great poet. Do you know InQ? >> Oh my god. Yes. My friend Kevin used to
>> Oh my god. Yes. My friend Kevin used to
>> Oh my god. Yes. My friend Kevin used to actually
actually
actually >> uh be the agent for ENQ.
>> uh be the agent for ENQ.
>> uh be the agent for ENQ. >> Okay. So ENQ's real name is Adam. He's
>> Okay. So ENQ's real name is Adam. He's
>> Okay. So ENQ's real name is Adam. He's been a dear friend of mine forever. He
been a dear friend of mine forever. He
been a dear friend of mine forever. He was also one of those people that knew
was also one of those people that knew
was also one of those people that knew what I was going through. And when I
what I was going through. And when I
what I was going through. And when I told Adam about this, I said, "Look, we
told Adam about this, I said, "Look, we
told Adam about this, I said, "Look, we want to be able to give the bracelet to
want to be able to give the bracelet to
want to be able to give the bracelet to someone, but not everyone's going to
someone, but not everyone's going to
someone, but not everyone's going to know the right words to say." you know,
know the right words to say." you know,
know the right words to say." you know, because you might be giving this to
because you might be giving this to
because you might be giving this to someone who's suffering, but you might
someone who's suffering, but you might
someone who's suffering, but you might be giving to someone who's always helped
be giving to someone who's always helped
be giving to someone who's always helped you feel enough and you're thanking
you feel enough and you're thanking
you feel enough and you're thanking them. And so, help me have the perfect
them. And so, help me have the perfect
them. And so, help me have the perfect words to say that I could either, you
words to say that I could either, you
words to say that I could either, you know, read to them or even just hand
know, read to them or even just hand
know, read to them or even just hand them. So, when you get the box, the poem
them. So, when you get the box, the poem
them. So, when you get the box, the poem is in there, the inc's written, but
is in there, the inc's written, but
is in there, the inc's written, but there's also an envelope with another
there's also an envelope with another
there's also an envelope with another copy of it. So, if you want to, you
copy of it. So, if you want to, you
copy of it. So, if you want to, you know, send it in the mail to someone,
know, send it in the mail to someone,
know, send it in the mail to someone, you can send them the bracelet. But
you can send them the bracelet. But
you can send them the bracelet. But here's here's the way we officially give
here's here's the way we officially give
here's here's the way we officially give the bracelet. Now, you bet it's on your
the bracelet. Now, you bet it's on your
the bracelet. Now, you bet it's on your wrist. Chip, I see you. the you behind
wrist. Chip, I see you. the you behind
wrist. Chip, I see you. the you behind the you. Not for anything you've done or
the you. Not for anything you've done or
the you. Not for anything you've done or anything you're gonna do. I don't stop
anything you're gonna do. I don't stop
anything you're gonna do. I don't stop to say it enough, but I believe in you.
to say it enough, but I believe in you.
to say it enough, but I believe in you. And if you could see yourself from my
And if you could see yourself from my
And if you could see yourself from my view, you'd believe it, too. That's why
view, you'd believe it, too. That's why
view, you'd believe it, too. That's why I'm giving you the gift that I'm
I'm giving you the gift that I'm
I'm giving you the gift that I'm receiving, too. A message to remind you
receiving, too. A message to remind you
receiving, too. A message to remind you when you're lost or feeling blue. A
when you're lost or feeling blue. A
when you're lost or feeling blue. A mantra to repeat when times are tough.
mantra to repeat when times are tough.
mantra to repeat when times are tough. Because no matter who we are, we are
Because no matter who we are, we are
Because no matter who we are, we are always enough.
always enough.
always enough. It's a silent prayer I'm sending for the
It's a silent prayer I'm sending for the
It's a silent prayer I'm sending for the world's mental health. I wear the symbol
world's mental health. I wear the symbol
world's mental health. I wear the symbol for myself and now is a bond to someone
for myself and now is a bond to someone
for myself and now is a bond to someone else. It's a blessing in a gentle push
else. It's a blessing in a gentle push
else. It's a blessing in a gentle push to never give up because no matter who
to never give up because no matter who
to never give up because no matter who you are, you are enough.
you are, you are enough.
you are, you are enough. >> Oh my god, this is like Dr. Seuss for
>> Oh my god, this is like Dr. Seuss for
>> Oh my god, this is like Dr. Seuss for mental health. I love that. Um, so this
mental health. I love that. Um, so this
mental health. I love that. Um, so this is a it's a for-profit venture that's
is a it's a for-profit venture that's
is a it's a for-profit venture that's really not a for-profit venture.
really not a for-profit venture.
really not a for-profit venture. >> It's a nonprofit.
>> It's a nonprofit.
>> It's a nonprofit. >> It's a nonprofit.
>> It's a nonprofit.
>> It's a nonprofit. >> And so the way it works is We Are Enough
>> And so the way it works is We Are Enough
>> And so the way it works is We Are Enough is a nonprofit. 100% of the profits go
is a nonprofit. 100% of the profits go
is a nonprofit. 100% of the profits go to mental health organizations in order
to mental health organizations in order
to mental health organizations in order to sell bracelets at retail and stuff.
to sell bracelets at retail and stuff.
to sell bracelets at retail and stuff. We have a for-profit that's owned by the
We have a for-profit that's owned by the
We have a for-profit that's owned by the nonprofit, but 100% of the profits go to
nonprofit, but 100% of the profits go to
nonprofit, but 100% of the profits go to mental health organizations that we say
mental health organizations that we say
mental health organizations that we say are transforming and saving lives every
are transforming and saving lives every
are transforming and saving lives every day. So, some of the organizations are
day. So, some of the organizations are
day. So, some of the organizations are really helping in crisis and some of
really helping in crisis and some of
really helping in crisis and some of them are helping people don't get to
them are helping people don't get to
them are helping people don't get to crisis because there's so many people
crisis because there's so many people
crisis because there's so many people that you and I know and that you you
that you and I know and that you you
that you and I know and that you you serve every day at MEA. They're just
serve every day at MEA. They're just
serve every day at MEA. They're just really dissatisfied with life and often
really dissatisfied with life and often
really dissatisfied with life and often midlife. And so, there's organizations
midlife. And so, there's organizations
midlife. And so, there's organizations that are trying to get in the front of
that are trying to get in the front of
that are trying to get in the front of that to help people with their mental
that to help people with their mental
that to help people with their mental health as well, not just ones that are
health as well, not just ones that are
health as well, not just ones that are serving people in crisis. But, you know,
serving people in crisis. But, you know,
serving people in crisis. But, you know, I I think we're going to raise millions
I I think we're going to raise millions
I I think we're going to raise millions and millions of dollars with this. Like,
and millions of dollars with this. Like,
and millions of dollars with this. Like, I'm so fired up. Well, I think, you
I'm so fired up. Well, I think, you
I'm so fired up. Well, I think, you know, the times are such that it's
know, the times are such that it's
know, the times are such that it's needed. I mean, the mental health crisis
needed. I mean, the mental health crisis
needed. I mean, the mental health crisis that we're in at all ages, especially
that we're in at all ages, especially
that we're in at all ages, especially young people. Um, we are doing our first
young people. Um, we are doing our first
young people. Um, we are doing our first MEA workshop uh for millennial
MEA workshop uh for millennial
MEA workshop uh for millennial exclusively millennials and and Gen Z,
exclusively millennials and and Gen Z,
exclusively millennials and and Gen Z, partly because the the U curve of
partly because the the U curve of
partly because the the U curve of happiness, which we alluded to earlier,
happiness, which we alluded to earlier,
happiness, which we alluded to earlier, which had which showed frankly between
which had which showed frankly between
which had which showed frankly between 45 and 50 is the low point and 47. Yeah.
45 and 50 is the low point and 47. Yeah.
45 and 50 is the low point and 47. Yeah. Right. Right. your exact age when you
Right. Right. your exact age when you
Right. Right. your exact age when you were at the lowest point. I mean I
were at the lowest point. I mean I
were at the lowest point. I mean I literally exact point
literally exact point
literally exact point >> what's happened now is that frankly
>> what's happened now is that frankly
>> what's happened now is that frankly younger people who are 18 to 25 are have
younger people who are 18 to 25 are have
younger people who are 18 to 25 are have a a level of life satisfaction that's
a a level of life satisfaction that's
a a level of life satisfaction that's lower than that and and so looking for
lower than that and and so looking for
lower than that and and so looking for new ways to help people uh to deal with
new ways to help people uh to deal with
new ways to help people uh to deal with a world in which
a world in which
a world in which some of the kinds of support that we
some of the kinds of support that we
some of the kinds of support that we used to have whether it was the church
used to have whether it was the church
used to have whether it was the church and I know you you're a religious guy
and I know you you're a religious guy
and I know you you're a religious guy and you you were a big fan of Richard
and you you were a big fan of Richard
and you you were a big fan of Richard Roar uh one of our faculty members
Roar uh one of our faculty members
Roar uh one of our faculty members There's
There's
There's it does feel like there's a real need
it does feel like there's a real need
it does feel like there's a real need for in society for us to create new uh
for in society for us to create new uh
for in society for us to create new uh safety nets for people. Yeah, I mean
safety nets for people. Yeah, I mean
safety nets for people. Yeah, I mean that's the thing and that's why several
that's the thing and that's why several
that's the thing and that's why several of the organizations that we're making
of the organizations that we're making
of the organizations that we're making donations to with the sale of the
donations to with the sale of the
donations to with the sale of the bracelets are are working in high
bracelets are are working in high
bracelets are are working in high schools because I really have started to
schools because I really have started to
schools because I really have started to see that this feeling of wholeness. You
see that this feeling of wholeness. You
see that this feeling of wholeness. You know, really knowing that you are enough
know, really knowing that you are enough
know, really knowing that you are enough at your core is almost kind of like the
at your core is almost kind of like the
at your core is almost kind of like the foundation of mental health because so
foundation of mental health because so
foundation of mental health because so many of things, let's talk about
many of things, let's talk about
many of things, let's talk about addictions. Like if you talk to people
addictions. Like if you talk to people
addictions. Like if you talk to people in the addiction, you know, community,
in the addiction, you know, community,
in the addiction, you know, community, so many of the addictions start because
so many of the addictions start because
so many of the addictions start because people don't feel enough. They're trying
people don't feel enough. They're trying
people don't feel enough. They're trying to fill something up. They need to feel
to fill something up. They need to feel
to fill something up. They need to feel something more than just who they are.
something more than just who they are.
something more than just who they are. And so that and then and then so many of
And so that and then and then so many of
And so that and then and then so many of whether it's depression or anxiety, it
whether it's depression or anxiety, it
whether it's depression or anxiety, it all kind of starts with this feeling of
all kind of starts with this feeling of
all kind of starts with this feeling of not doing enough. So if we can get in in
not doing enough. So if we can get in in
not doing enough. So if we can get in in the high school level and get in early
the high school level and get in early
the high school level and get in early and create opportunities and programming
and create opportunities and programming
and create opportunities and programming so people can really understand how
so people can really understand how
so people can really understand how important it is to source this from
important it is to source this from
important it is to source this from within, then I hope that we're, you
within, then I hope that we're, you
within, then I hope that we're, you know, ace a, you know, we are at least
know, ace a, you know, we are at least
know, ace a, you know, we are at least contributing to the solution of the
contributing to the solution of the
contributing to the solution of the mental health crisis that we find
mental health crisis that we find
mental health crisis that we find ourselves in. I went to my high school
ourselves in. I went to my high school
ourselves in. I went to my high school the other day. It was cool. went back
the other day. It was cool. went back
the other day. It was cool. went back for the first time in 30 years to share
for the first time in 30 years to share
for the first time in 30 years to share this message to give out some of the
this message to give out some of the
this message to give out some of the first bracelets and it was like one of
first bracelets and it was like one of
first bracelets and it was like one of the most powerful experiences of my
the most powerful experiences of my
the most powerful experiences of my life. I mean hearing these kids' stories
life. I mean hearing these kids' stories
life. I mean hearing these kids' stories and and and I mean they were so open
and and and I mean they were so open
and and and I mean they were so open with their stories and then I one of my
with their stories and then I one of my
with their stories and then I one of my favorites was I the one of the girls got
favorites was I the one of the girls got
favorites was I the one of the girls got the box and she put the bracelet on and
the box and she put the bracelet on and
the box and she put the bracelet on and and there were all her friends around
and there were all her friends around
and there were all her friends around and I'm like well who you going to give
and I'm like well who you going to give
and I'm like well who you going to give it to? She goes I'm going to give it to
it to? She goes I'm going to give it to
it to? She goes I'm going to give it to my dad tonight. He's been struggling. he
my dad tonight. He's been struggling. he
my dad tonight. He's been struggling. he will never admit it, but I think he's
will never admit it, but I think he's
will never admit it, but I think he's been depressed for 10 years and he is
been depressed for 10 years and he is
been depressed for 10 years and he is more than enough." And I was like, "Wow,
more than enough." And I was like, "Wow,
more than enough." And I was like, "Wow, I wish I could go home and see that
I wish I could go home and see that
I wish I could go home and see that experience." Can you imagine her reading
experience." Can you imagine her reading
experience." Can you imagine her reading the poem to her dad, you know, like I
the poem to her dad, you know, like I
the poem to her dad, you know, like I mean, it was just so powerful. And so, I
mean, it was just so powerful. And so, I
mean, it was just so powerful. And so, I think what we're, you know, hoping is
think what we're, you know, hoping is
think what we're, you know, hoping is that we will be the catalyst for some
that we will be the catalyst for some
that we will be the catalyst for some conversations and and experiences that
conversations and and experiences that
conversations and and experiences that really transform relationships because,
really transform relationships because,
really transform relationships because, as you know, it's all about our
as you know, it's all about our
as you know, it's all about our relationships in our community. But in
relationships in our community. But in
relationships in our community. But in doing that, we'll give people that daily
doing that, we'll give people that daily
doing that, we'll give people that daily reminder. And we'll also, you know, what
reminder. And we'll also, you know, what
reminder. And we'll also, you know, what I'm also excited about is like, let's
I'm also excited about is like, let's
I'm also excited about is like, let's imagine you're in line at Starbucks and
imagine you're in line at Starbucks and
imagine you're in line at Starbucks and you're wearing your bracelet and then
you're wearing your bracelet and then
you're wearing your bracelet and then there's some, you know, 22-year-old, you
there's some, you know, 22-year-old, you
there's some, you know, 22-year-old, you know, woman's wearing her bracelet.
know, woman's wearing her bracelet.
know, woman's wearing her bracelet. Normally, you would have no reason to
Normally, you would have no reason to
Normally, you would have no reason to say hi to her or talk to her or
say hi to her or talk to her or
say hi to her or talk to her or whatever. And you might say, "Hey, how's
whatever. And you might say, "Hey, how's
whatever. And you might say, "Hey, how's your day going? I got one, too." you
your day going? I got one, too." you
your day going? I got one, too." you know, and so that's that I'm hoping that
know, and so that's that I'm hoping that
know, and so that's that I'm hoping that that are some of the things that
that are some of the things that
that are some of the things that happened which we saw very much in the
happened which we saw very much in the
happened which we saw very much in the early days of Tom's when two people were
early days of Tom's when two people were
early days of Tom's when two people were wearing Tomms and not everyone knew
wearing Tomms and not everyone knew
wearing Tomms and not everyone knew about it yet because if we can create
about it yet because if we can create
about it yet because if we can create more of those just little touch points
more of those just little touch points
more of those just little touch points and connections and kind of like I got
and connections and kind of like I got
and connections and kind of like I got your back I think that's going to be
your back I think that's going to be
your back I think that's going to be really cool.
really cool.
really cool. >> I'm looking for the etm I'm going I'm
>> I'm looking for the etm I'm going I'm
>> I'm looking for the etm I'm going I'm doing chat GBT while we're doing this.
doing chat GBT while we're doing this.
doing chat GBT while we're doing this. The etmology of the word enough it comes
The etmology of the word enough it comes
The etmology of the word enough it comes from
from
from the meaning it's geno I don't know what
the meaning it's geno I don't know what
the meaning it's geno I don't know what it's a it's an old English word um and
it's a it's an old English word um and
it's a it's an old English word um and it's means sufficient adequate plenty uh
it's means sufficient adequate plenty uh
it's means sufficient adequate plenty uh it's derived from sufficient and
it's derived from sufficient and
it's derived from sufficient and abundant there's a Germanic element to
abundant there's a Germanic element to
abundant there's a Germanic element to it
it
it and
and
and the poetic reflection about it is it
the poetic reflection about it is it
the poetic reflection about it is it means to have re reached sufficiency
means to have re reached sufficiency
means to have re reached sufficiency you're sufficient.
you're sufficient.
you're sufficient. >> It's interesting. I'm glad you brought
>> It's interesting. I'm glad you brought
>> It's interesting. I'm glad you brought that up. So, one of our mental health
that up. So, one of our mental health
that up. So, one of our mental health adviserss is this amazing woman named
adviserss is this amazing woman named
adviserss is this amazing woman named Kristen Nef. Have you had her on the
Kristen Nef. Have you had her on the
Kristen Nef. Have you had her on the podcast?
podcast?
podcast? >> No. She's I'd like to get on the
>> No. She's I'd like to get on the
>> No. She's I'd like to get on the Introduce us.
Introduce us.
Introduce us. >> Okay. She's amazing. So, she wrote this
>> Okay. She's amazing. So, she wrote this
>> Okay. She's amazing. So, she wrote this book, Self-Compassion, which is
book, Self-Compassion, which is
book, Self-Compassion, which is incredible. So, she joined the Enough
incredible. So, she joined the Enough
incredible. So, she joined the Enough team, I don't know, maybe a month ago,
team, I don't know, maybe a month ago,
team, I don't know, maybe a month ago, and she was one of the people I really
and she was one of the people I really
and she was one of the people I really wanted to get on. We also have had Young
wanted to get on. We also have had Young
wanted to get on. We also have had Young PBLO join as one of our adviserss. So,
PBLO join as one of our adviserss. So,
PBLO join as one of our adviserss. So, we have a great team. And she said,
we have a great team. And she said,
we have a great team. And she said, 'Blake, one thing you have to do when
'Blake, one thing you have to do when
'Blake, one thing you have to do when you tell people about this is when you
you tell people about this is when you
you tell people about this is when you hear people talking about like enough
hear people talking about like enough
hear people talking about like enough being like, "Oh, it's sufficient."
being like, "Oh, it's sufficient."
being like, "Oh, it's sufficient." They're going to think, "Well, if I'm
They're going to think, "Well, if I'm
They're going to think, "Well, if I'm enough, I won't be a high performer
enough, I won't be a high performer
enough, I won't be a high performer anymore. Like, I won't have motivation.
anymore. Like, I won't have motivation.
anymore. Like, I won't have motivation. I won't have drive. Like, like I don't
I won't have drive. Like, like I don't
I won't have drive. Like, like I don't know if I just want to be enough. I want
know if I just want to be enough. I want
know if I just want to be enough. I want to be more than enough, you know?" And
to be more than enough, you know?" And
to be more than enough, you know?" And she said, she said, "You've got to tell
she said, she said, "You've got to tell
she said, she said, "You've got to tell them about this study I did." So, she
them about this study I did." So, she
them about this study I did." So, she did this study with NCAA athletes and
did this study with NCAA athletes and
did this study with NCAA athletes and she basically took half of them that
she basically took half of them that
she basically took half of them that have that hard inner critic that's
have that hard inner critic that's
have that hard inner critic that's constantly like you can't miss a shot or
constantly like you can't miss a shot or
constantly like you can't miss a shot or like don't miss this or you got to win
like don't miss this or you got to win
like don't miss this or you got to win this game or like all this pressure that
this game or like all this pressure that
this game or like all this pressure that they think is keeping them, you know,
they think is keeping them, you know,
they think is keeping them, you know, training hard and performing hard to
training hard and performing hard to
training hard and performing hard to replacing that with what they would call
replacing that with what they would call
replacing that with what they would call the inner coach. It'd be someone of
the inner coach. It'd be someone of
the inner coach. It'd be someone of self-compassion. It' be someone say, you
self-compassion. It' be someone say, you
self-compassion. It' be someone say, you know, you're not defined by the fact
know, you're not defined by the fact
know, you're not defined by the fact that you lost that game like really
that you lost that game like really
that you lost that game like really gentle. What she found was is the inner
gentle. What she found was is the inner
gentle. What she found was is the inner critic is actually keeping athletes and
critic is actually keeping athletes and
critic is actually keeping athletes and executives from one of the most
executives from one of the most
executives from one of the most important states we can enter and that's
important states we can enter and that's
important states we can enter and that's flow. So when we're in flow, you know
flow. So when we're in flow, you know
flow. So when we're in flow, you know flow flow from Holly check me high. Mike
flow flow from Holly check me high. Mike
flow flow from Holly check me high. Mike took me he and you know his when I was
took me he and you know his when I was
took me he and you know his when I was writing my book emotional equations and
writing my book emotional equations and
writing my book emotional equations and there was a chapter on flow. Mike, who
there was a chapter on flow. Mike, who
there was a chapter on flow. Mike, who who was the guy who popularized the idea
who was the guy who popularized the idea
who was the guy who popularized the idea of flow, said, "I want you to come up to
of flow, said, "I want you to come up to
of flow, said, "I want you to come up to Montana with me and my wife and spend
Montana with me and my wife and spend
Montana with me and my wife and spend three days in our little cabin and we
three days in our little cabin and we
three days in our little cabin and we can walk along paths along rivers and we
can walk along paths along rivers and we
can walk along paths along rivers and we can talk about flow." And I got to do
can talk about flow." And I got to do
can talk about flow." And I got to do that for three days with, you know, the
that for three days with, you know, the
that for three days with, you know, the guy who and unfortunately he's passed
guy who and unfortunately he's passed
guy who and unfortunately he's passed away in the past year. But go ahead.
away in the past year. But go ahead.
away in the past year. But go ahead. >> So you you know about flow. So what she
>> So you you know about flow. So what she
>> So you you know about flow. So what she said is that with that inner critic or
said is that with that inner critic or
said is that with that inner critic or not feeling enough is actually keeping
not feeling enough is actually keeping
not feeling enough is actually keeping you out of flow because you're feeling
you out of flow because you're feeling
you out of flow because you're feeling pressure and it's very hard to get into
pressure and it's very hard to get into
pressure and it's very hard to get into a flow state if you're self-critical or
a flow state if you're self-critical or
a flow state if you're self-critical or or or have this pressure. But when you
or or have this pressure. But when you
or or have this pressure. But when you have self-compassion and you can relax,
have self-compassion and you can relax,
have self-compassion and you can relax, that's when you enter the flow state. So
that's when you enter the flow state. So
that's when you enter the flow state. So these NCAA athletes actually perform
these NCAA athletes actually perform
these NCAA athletes actually perform better because they're able to access
better because they're able to access
better because they're able to access flow better. So it's so important to me
flow better. So it's so important to me
flow better. So it's so important to me and I'm so glad that she taught me that
and I'm so glad that she taught me that
and I'm so glad that she taught me that because I do think there'll be some
because I do think there'll be some
because I do think there'll be some people that hear this message and
people that hear this message and
people that hear this message and they'll say, "Well, this isn't for me."
they'll say, "Well, this isn't for me."
they'll say, "Well, this isn't for me." like I I want to be more than enough.
like I I want to be more than enough.
like I I want to be more than enough. You know, that's great. Blake feels
You know, that's great. Blake feels
You know, that's great. Blake feels enough now, but like but but actually
enough now, but like but but actually
enough now, but like but but actually feeling enough is like a hack to high
feeling enough is like a hack to high
feeling enough is like a hack to high performance. And I've noticed that as
performance. And I've noticed that as
performance. And I've noticed that as I've been building this. So now when I
I've been building this. So now when I
I've been building this. So now when I go to meet with, let's just say, someone
go to meet with, let's just say, someone
go to meet with, let's just say, someone super famous and asking them if they'll
super famous and asking them if they'll
super famous and asking them if they'll wear the bracelet and share the story.
wear the bracelet and share the story.
wear the bracelet and share the story. That was the Tom's days, I would have
That was the Tom's days, I would have
That was the Tom's days, I would have had all this pressure. I hope I say the
had all this pressure. I hope I say the
had all this pressure. I hope I say the right thing. I hope they like me. D. And
right thing. I hope they like me. D. And
right thing. I hope they like me. D. And I would almost come like out of
I would almost come like out of
I would almost come like out of desperation. Now I'm like, I'm enough.
desperation. Now I'm like, I'm enough.
desperation. Now I'm like, I'm enough. we're enough. Like if you want to be
we're enough. Like if you want to be
we're enough. Like if you want to be part of it, great. If not, that's fine,
part of it, great. If not, that's fine,
part of it, great. If not, that's fine, too. And that energy now is like a
too. And that energy now is like a
too. And that energy now is like a magnet. Now, everyone seems like they
magnet. Now, everyone seems like they
magnet. Now, everyone seems like they want to wear a bracelet and be part of
want to wear a bracelet and be part of
want to wear a bracelet and be part of it because I'm in this like flow state
it because I'm in this like flow state
it because I'm in this like flow state now because I really feel that I'm
now because I really feel that I'm
now because I really feel that I'm enough and it's so cool. I haven't
enough and it's so cool. I haven't
enough and it's so cool. I haven't enjoyed working more ever in my life.
enjoyed working more ever in my life.
enjoyed working more ever in my life. What kind of path are you carving
What kind of path are you carving
What kind of path are you carving through midlife? Our free midlife
through midlife? Our free midlife
through midlife? Our free midlife pathfinder quiz helps you discover which
pathfinder quiz helps you discover which
pathfinder quiz helps you discover which of eight archetypes best describe your
of eight archetypes best describe your
of eight archetypes best describe your approach to this stage of life and what
approach to this stage of life and what
approach to this stage of life and what that means for your next chapter. It
that means for your next chapter. It
that means for your next chapter. It only takes a few minutes and your
only takes a few minutes and your
only takes a few minutes and your results may surprise you. Find out your
results may surprise you. Find out your
results may surprise you. Find out your archetype now. It's quick, it's fun, and
archetype now. It's quick, it's fun, and
archetype now. It's quick, it's fun, and it might help you see your journey in a
it might help you see your journey in a
it might help you see your journey in a whole new light. [music] Take the
whole new light. [music] Take the
whole new light. [music] Take the Pathfinder quiz at meowwisdom.com/quiz.
Pathfinder quiz at meowwisdom.com/quiz.
Pathfinder quiz at meowwisdom.com/quiz. [music]
I've witnessed you over the last two,
I've witnessed you over the last two, three years and it's been hard. You
three years and it's been hard. You
three years and it's been hard. You know, it's it's hard to be the friend of
know, it's it's hard to be the friend of
know, it's it's hard to be the friend of someone who is having suicide ideation.
someone who is having suicide ideation.
someone who is having suicide ideation. I had my suicide ideation ideation in my
I had my suicide ideation ideation in my
I had my suicide ideation ideation in my late 40s. Um, and then I had an NDE,
late 40s. Um, and then I had an NDE,
late 40s. Um, and then I had an NDE, which you know was really helpful for me
which you know was really helpful for me
which you know was really helpful for me to realize, okay, I can die. I went to
to realize, okay, I can die. I went to
to realize, okay, I can die. I went to the other side.
the other side.
the other side. So what would what would what advice
So what would what would what advice
So what would what would what advice would you give to people who have a
would you give to people who have a
would you give to people who have a spouse, a family member, a friend who's
spouse, a family member, a friend who's
spouse, a family member, a friend who's going through a a deep dark depression?
going through a a deep dark depression?
going through a a deep dark depression? >> I think the first thing is and it's
>> I think the first thing is and it's
>> I think the first thing is and it's interesting because one of my mantras in
interesting because one of my mantras in
interesting because one of my mantras in life is carpadm and I'm always about
life is carpadm and I'm always about
life is carpadm and I'm always about positivity. That is not what to do with
positivity. That is not what to do with
positivity. That is not what to do with someone who's really depressed. It's not
someone who's really depressed. It's not
someone who's really depressed. It's not about telling them carpadm. It's not
about telling them carpadm. It's not
about telling them carpadm. It's not telling them that they can get through
telling them that they can get through
telling them that they can get through this. It's not reminding them how lucky
this. It's not reminding them how lucky
this. It's not reminding them how lucky they are. that is like and unfortunately
they are. that is like and unfortunately
they are. that is like and unfortunately I was around some of that and it made me
I was around some of that and it made me
I was around some of that and it made me worse. So my always am first to say is
worse. So my always am first to say is
worse. So my always am first to say is like it's it's about listening. It's
like it's it's about listening. It's
like it's it's about listening. It's about holding space. It's about being
about holding space. It's about being
about holding space. It's about being you know really
you know really
you know really honoring that what they're going through
honoring that what they're going through
honoring that what they're going through is no different than someone who just
is no different than someone who just
is no different than someone who just got in a car accident. It's an invisible
got in a car accident. It's an invisible
got in a car accident. It's an invisible illness you know to so many people. And
illness you know to so many people. And
illness you know to so many people. And so really honoring of like hey like no
so really honoring of like hey like no
so really honoring of like hey like no we need to get help like let's let's
we need to get help like let's let's
we need to get help like let's let's help you get help as if you just got in
help you get help as if you just got in
help you get help as if you just got in a car accident because your brain is
a car accident because your brain is
a car accident because your brain is bleeding out if it's thinking about that
bleeding out if it's thinking about that
bleeding out if it's thinking about that is not natural like there is something
is not natural like there is something
is not natural like there is something wrong with the wiring and let's get
wrong with the wiring and let's get
wrong with the wiring and let's get help. Now help could look a lot of
help. Now help could look a lot of
help. Now help could look a lot of different ways depends if there's
different ways depends if there's
different ways depends if there's substance abuse and that's one there's
substance abuse and that's one there's
substance abuse and that's one there's not substance abuse like in my case I I
not substance abuse like in my case I I
not substance abuse like in my case I I didn't have a drug or alcohol problem
didn't have a drug or alcohol problem
didn't have a drug or alcohol problem but I was on all these pharmaceuticals
but I was on all these pharmaceuticals
but I was on all these pharmaceuticals that was causing problems let's figure
that was causing problems let's figure
that was causing problems let's figure out the best way to get off that. The
out the best way to get off that. The
out the best way to get off that. The other thing is is really encouraging
other thing is is really encouraging
other thing is is really encouraging them whether it's with you which might
them whether it's with you which might
them whether it's with you which might be the person or with other people to be
be the person or with other people to be
be the person or with other people to be on a daily basis saying this is how I
on a daily basis saying this is how I
on a daily basis saying this is how I feel today. This is this I'm feeling
feel today. This is this I'm feeling
feel today. This is this I'm feeling really bad today. I need to be around
really bad today. I need to be around
really bad today. I need to be around some other people today. And really
some other people today. And really
some other people today. And really treat them as if they're, you know,
treat them as if they're, you know,
treat them as if they're, you know, recovering from a a major injury because
recovering from a a major injury because
recovering from a a major injury because they are injured. And so I think that's
they are injured. And so I think that's
they are injured. And so I think that's one of the things that I hope that we
one of the things that I hope that we
one of the things that I hope that we can do through this is like just like
can do through this is like just like
can do through this is like just like raising awareness of like mental illness
raising awareness of like mental illness
raising awareness of like mental illness is often invisible and then to really
is often invisible and then to really
is often invisible and then to really look out for the signs of it getting
look out for the signs of it getting
look out for the signs of it getting worse. So isolation, another one is
worse. So isolation, another one is
worse. So isolation, another one is either loss of appetite or eating way
either loss of appetite or eating way
either loss of appetite or eating way too much. Another one is they stop
too much. Another one is they stop
too much. Another one is they stop enjoying the things they love. like I
enjoying the things they love. like I
enjoying the things they love. like I went to this the most epic surf break of
went to this the most epic surf break of
went to this the most epic surf break of all time like during that period around
all time like during that period around
all time like during that period around the time that I came and visited you to
the time that I came and visited you to
the time that I came and visited you to do anything to feel better and I didn't
do anything to feel better and I didn't
do anything to feel better and I didn't even want to surf and that's where my
even want to surf and that's where my
even want to surf and that's where my friends are like we got to get you to a
friends are like we got to get you to a
friends are like we got to get you to a center or somewhere that can like this
center or somewhere that can like this
center or somewhere that can like this is this is beyond our hands and so I I
is this is beyond our hands and so I I
is this is beyond our hands and so I I recognize that I was so blessed because
recognize that I was so blessed because
recognize that I was so blessed because I had the resources to go to some of
I had the resources to go to some of
I had the resources to go to some of these places uh and a lot of people
these places uh and a lot of people
these places uh and a lot of people don't have that and so it can be really
don't have that and so it can be really
don't have that and so it can be really hard the good news is there's a lot more
hard the good news is there's a lot more
hard the good news is there's a lot more online resources that are free that can
online resources that are free that can
online resources that are free that can help people. But I think the most
help people. But I think the most
help people. But I think the most important thing is really watch those
important thing is really watch those
important thing is really watch those signs so you can kind of get ahead of it
signs so you can kind of get ahead of it
signs so you can kind of get ahead of it to not try to like you know you know
to not try to like you know you know
to not try to like you know you know kind of you know positive selft talk
kind of you know positive selft talk
kind of you know positive selft talk them way out of it and to and to really
them way out of it and to and to really
them way out of it and to and to really just um be there to to be with them as
just um be there to to be with them as
just um be there to to be with them as they think through it. I think there's
they think through it. I think there's
they think through it. I think there's another thing I'll say a book that
another thing I'll say a book that
another thing I'll say a book that really really really helped me. Uh, it's
really really really helped me. Uh, it's
really really really helped me. Uh, it's called Thank God for Depression. And it
called Thank God for Depression. And it
called Thank God for Depression. And it was written by this guy. I think he's
was written by this guy. I think he's
was written by this guy. I think he's early 30s. He was like in a punk rock or
early 30s. He was like in a punk rock or
early 30s. He was like in a punk rock or not punk rock up. I forget the name how
not punk rock up. I forget the name how
not punk rock up. I forget the name how he would say his brand or his band, but
he would say his brand or his band, but
he would say his brand or his band, but um I've gotten to know him since then
um I've gotten to know him since then
um I've gotten to know him since then because I literally thanked him. I was
because I literally thanked him. I was
because I literally thanked him. I was like, "Your book maybe saved my life."
like, "Your book maybe saved my life."
like, "Your book maybe saved my life." But this book is really great and it
But this book is really great and it
But this book is really great and it really helps you understand and almost
really helps you understand and almost
really helps you understand and almost kind of self diagnose what where is this
kind of self diagnose what where is this
kind of self diagnose what where is this depression come? Is it coming from
depression come? Is it coming from
depression come? Is it coming from you've never felt enough and you put
you've never felt enough and you put
you've never felt enough and you put your whole life on all this pressure and
your whole life on all this pressure and
your whole life on all this pressure and and you've attracted a relationships
and you've attracted a relationships
and you've attracted a relationships that also trigger that and all these
that also trigger that and all these
that also trigger that and all these things like for me or is it you know
things like for me or is it you know
things like for me or is it you know something totally different but I think
something totally different but I think
something totally different but I think it's really important to try to
it's really important to try to
it's really important to try to understand you know what is depression
understand you know what is depression
understand you know what is depression trying to teach me because I really do
trying to teach me because I really do
trying to teach me because I really do see now that depression is and Jim
see now that depression is and Jim
see now that depression is and Jim Carrey says this he talks about like you
Carrey says this he talks about like you
Carrey says this he talks about like you know like you know depression is
know like you know depression is
know like you know depression is basically your soul saying I don't want
basically your soul saying I don't want
basically your soul saying I don't want to play this avatar anymore, you know,
to play this avatar anymore, you know,
to play this avatar anymore, you know, and I really and now I actually can
and I really and now I actually can
and I really and now I actually can thank God for my depression because I
thank God for my depression because I
thank God for my depression because I see had I not gone through that had I
see had I not gone through that had I
see had I not gone through that had I not I would not have made the changes in
not I would not have made the changes in
not I would not have made the changes in my life to now have the personal
my life to now have the personal
my life to now have the personal integrity that I now have to now have
integrity that I now have to now have
integrity that I now have to now have purpose to now be able to help people.
purpose to now be able to help people.
purpose to now be able to help people. Um I had to go through that and so
Um I had to go through that and so
Um I had to go through that and so oftent times it is about helping gently
oftent times it is about helping gently
oftent times it is about helping gently guide the person if they're in that
guide the person if they're in that
guide the person if they're in that state. Now, if they're if they're really
state. Now, if they're if they're really
state. Now, if they're if they're really in a bad state, I'm saying ketamine,
in a bad state, I'm saying ketamine,
in a bad state, I'm saying ketamine, TMS, center. But if they're if they're
TMS, center. But if they're if they're
TMS, center. But if they're if they're stable and now they're just heavily
stable and now they're just heavily
stable and now they're just heavily dissatisfied with life, not feeling joy,
dissatisfied with life, not feeling joy,
dissatisfied with life, not feeling joy, you know, really if they can take some
you know, really if they can take some
you know, really if they can take some time to like read this book and kind of
time to like read this book and kind of
time to like read this book and kind of go through, okay, really get what what
go through, okay, really get what what
go through, okay, really get what what what is not what is not happening that
what is not what is not happening that
what is not what is not happening that should be happening or or what what
should be happening or or what what
should be happening or or what what decisions have I made that I feel like
decisions have I made that I feel like
decisions have I made that I feel like I'm trapped, but I'm not really trapped.
I'm trapped, but I'm not really trapped.
I'm trapped, but I'm not really trapped. That's what I like to also tell people
That's what I like to also tell people
That's what I like to also tell people is you're never really trapped. Like I
is you're never really trapped. Like I
is you're never really trapped. Like I mean no matter what your situation,
mean no matter what your situation,
mean no matter what your situation, economics, whatever, like if you you
economics, whatever, like if you you
economics, whatever, like if you you know you're waking up, you have an
know you're waking up, you have an
know you're waking up, you have an opportunity to make some changes. Now it
opportunity to make some changes. Now it
opportunity to make some changes. Now it might create a lot more pain and and the
might create a lot more pain and and the
might create a lot more pain and and the pain might be more intense for the short
pain might be more intense for the short
pain might be more intense for the short term. Mine sure was, but then ultimately
term. Mine sure was, but then ultimately
term. Mine sure was, but then ultimately um you're never fully trapped.
um you're never fully trapped.
um you're never fully trapped. >> Two last questions.
>> Two last questions.
>> Two last questions. emotionally
emotionally
emotionally you it's you've been on quite a roller
you it's you've been on quite a roller
you it's you've been on quite a roller coaster and you are seemingly in a
coaster and you are seemingly in a
coaster and you are seemingly in a really healthy place today and feeling
really healthy place today and feeling
really healthy place today and feeling great about this business this and this
great about this business this and this
great about this business this and this nonprofit.
nonprofit.
nonprofit. Do you ever have fear of like, "Oh,
Do you ever have fear of like, "Oh,
Do you ever have fear of like, "Oh, shit."
shit."
shit." >> Yes. This is
>> Yes. This is
>> Yes. This is >> this is gonna come back.
>> this is gonna come back.
>> this is gonna come back. >> Of course. No. I mean, I think that's
>> Of course. No. I mean, I think that's
>> Of course. No. I mean, I think that's Yeah. When if someone who's really
Yeah. When if someone who's really
Yeah. When if someone who's really struggled how I have, I think for the
struggled how I have, I think for the
struggled how I have, I think for the rest of my life, I will have PTSD around
rest of my life, I will have PTSD around
rest of my life, I will have PTSD around some of those times. Um, that comes up
some of those times. Um, that comes up
some of those times. Um, that comes up for sure. And occasionally what that
for sure. And occasionally what that
for sure. And occasionally what that will be is I'll wake up uh like 3:00 in
will be is I'll wake up uh like 3:00 in
will be is I'll wake up uh like 3:00 in the morning and I'll have like a bad
the morning and I'll have like a bad
the morning and I'll have like a bad dream that I'm back in there. And then
dream that I'm back in there. And then
dream that I'm back in there. And then I'll wake up and I'll not really know if
I'll wake up and I'll not really know if
I'll wake up and I'll not really know if the dream is real or not. And they'll
the dream is real or not. And they'll
the dream is real or not. And they'll have anxiety around it. And what do I
have anxiety around it. And what do I
have anxiety around it. And what do I do? I I sit down and I put a hand on a,
do? I I sit down and I put a hand on a,
do? I I sit down and I put a hand on a, you know, thumb to a finger. I'm enough.
you know, thumb to a finger. I'm enough.
you know, thumb to a finger. I'm enough. Thumb to the next finger. I've always
Thumb to the next finger. I've always
Thumb to the next finger. I've always been enough. And it's simple, but it
been enough. And it's simple, but it
been enough. And it's simple, but it just kind of like breaks that pattern or
just kind of like breaks that pattern or
just kind of like breaks that pattern or that negative limiting belief or fear.
that negative limiting belief or fear.
that negative limiting belief or fear. But yes, I that comes up and I think
But yes, I that comes up and I think
But yes, I that comes up and I think that will come up, you know, the rest of
that will come up, you know, the rest of
that will come up, you know, the rest of my life. I mean, I just think that this
my life. I mean, I just think that this
my life. I mean, I just think that this is I'm in recovery, you know, in a
is I'm in recovery, you know, in a
is I'm in recovery, you know, in a sense, just like anyone else. And so I
sense, just like anyone else. And so I
sense, just like anyone else. And so I really have a lot of one day at a time.
really have a lot of one day at a time.
really have a lot of one day at a time. And so, and I'm not every day I'm not
And so, and I'm not every day I'm not
And so, and I'm not every day I'm not going to feel great. And that's okay.
going to feel great. And that's okay.
going to feel great. And that's okay. That's that's human. like I should be
That's that's human. like I should be
That's that's human. like I should be anxious sometimes or I should be sad
anxious sometimes or I should be sad
anxious sometimes or I should be sad sometimes or regretful. But what the
sometimes or regretful. But what the
sometimes or regretful. But what the difference is now is it doesn't consume
difference is now is it doesn't consume
difference is now is it doesn't consume me and then and then take me down the
me and then and then take me down the
me and then and then take me down the spiral because I know I mean it sounds
spiral because I know I mean it sounds
spiral because I know I mean it sounds cliche know what I'm doing. I know that
cliche know what I'm doing. I know that
cliche know what I'm doing. I know that I'm enough. I know that this day is
I'm enough. I know that this day is
I'm enough. I know that this day is enough and and my kids are enough and um
enough and and my kids are enough and um
enough and and my kids are enough and um and that's the other thing. I mean for
and that's the other thing. I mean for
and that's the other thing. I mean for all the parents listening, this has
all the parents listening, this has
all the parents listening, this has totally transformed my relationship, my
totally transformed my relationship, my
totally transformed my relationship, my 10-year-old and my 8-year-old. I mean
10-year-old and my 8-year-old. I mean
10-year-old and my 8-year-old. I mean they feel so much less pressure by me. I
they feel so much less pressure by me. I
they feel so much less pressure by me. I didn't even know I was putting pressure
didn't even know I was putting pressure
didn't even know I was putting pressure on them. But when you don't feel enough,
on them. But when you don't feel enough,
on them. But when you don't feel enough, you innately are probably making other
you innately are probably making other
you innately are probably making other people not feel enough around you. And
people not feel enough around you. And
people not feel enough around you. And so once I started talking, we do this
so once I started talking, we do this
so once I started talking, we do this thing at dinner where we look each other
thing at dinner where we look each other
thing at dinner where we look each other in the eyes and we say, "I am enough."
in the eyes and we say, "I am enough."
in the eyes and we say, "I am enough." And then we put our hand out to each
And then we put our hand out to each
And then we put our hand out to each other, say, "You are enough." And we put
other, say, "You are enough." And we put
other, say, "You are enough." And we put our hugs around each other, say, "We are
our hugs around each other, say, "We are
our hugs around each other, say, "We are enough." And then we eat. That's our
enough." And then we eat. That's our
enough." And then we eat. That's our prayer. And we've been doing that now
prayer. And we've been doing that now
prayer. And we've been doing that now for six months. And my kids are
for six months. And my kids are
for six months. And my kids are thriving. It's amazing. And it's and the
thriving. It's amazing. And it's and the
thriving. It's amazing. And it's and the relationship is so cool because I'm not
relationship is so cool because I'm not
relationship is so cool because I'm not putting any pressure on them. And I
putting any pressure on them. And I
putting any pressure on them. And I think if there's any message we want to
think if there's any message we want to
think if there's any message we want to give our kids is that they're enough
give our kids is that they're enough
give our kids is that they're enough however they are. So so that's been
however they are. So so that's been
however they are. So so that's been that's been really great. So that's one
that's been really great. So that's one
that's been really great. So that's one question you said you had a second one.
question you said you had a second one.
question you said you had a second one. >> Last question is normally I ask this but
>> Last question is normally I ask this but
>> Last question is normally I ask this but I think I know your answer already. Um
I think I know your answer already. Um
I think I know your answer already. Um and that's if someone younger than you
and that's if someone younger than you
and that's if someone younger than you came to you and said Blake give me a
came to you and said Blake give me a
came to you and said Blake give me a wisdom bumper sticker of
wisdom bumper sticker of
wisdom bumper sticker of a some kind of distillation of what
a some kind of distillation of what
a some kind of distillation of what you've learned along the way in your
you've learned along the way in your
you've learned along the way in your life.
life.
life. Uh, and the origin story, my guess is it
Uh, and the origin story, my guess is it
Uh, and the origin story, my guess is it might be you are enough and the origin
might be you are enough and the origin
might be you are enough and the origin story we've heard, but if there was
story we've heard, but if there was
story we've heard, but if there was another one,
another one,
another one, what would be this distillation of the
what would be this distillation of the
what would be this distillation of the wisdom you've learned along the way?
wisdom you've learned along the way?
wisdom you've learned along the way? What what would you like Blake who
What what would you like Blake who
What what would you like Blake who started Tomorrow's Shoes,
started Tomorrow's Shoes,
started Tomorrow's Shoes, >> Tom's shoes, to have known back then
>> Tom's shoes, to have known back then
>> Tom's shoes, to have known back then that would have been would have served
that would have been would have served
that would have been would have served you so well and maybe even taken away
you so well and maybe even taken away
you so well and maybe even taken away some of the the pain and suffering
some of the the pain and suffering
some of the the pain and suffering you've had to have along the way.
you've had to have along the way.
you've had to have along the way. >> I think that life is all about
>> I think that life is all about
>> I think that life is all about connection and community. It's all about
connection and community. It's all about
connection and community. It's all about relationships and finding ways to
relationships and finding ways to
relationships and finding ways to connect with people deeply. You know,
connect with people deeply. You know,
connect with people deeply. You know, I've always enjoyed that about our
I've always enjoyed that about our
I've always enjoyed that about our relationship because it's never been
relationship because it's never been
relationship because it's never been talk. It's always been real.
talk. It's always been real.
talk. It's always been real. And even when even when it was really
And even when even when it was really
And even when even when it was really intense and difficult, it was still
intense and difficult, it was still
intense and difficult, it was still real. And now, even though we're both in
real. And now, even though we're both in
real. And now, even though we're both in great places and I'm feeling so great,
great places and I'm feeling so great,
great places and I'm feeling so great, it's very real. I think invest in those
it's very real. I think invest in those
it's very real. I think invest in those connections and never lose um sight of
connections and never lose um sight of
connections and never lose um sight of how important that is because when I
how important that is because when I
how important that is because when I look at what happened as I started to
look at what happened as I started to
look at what happened as I started to get depressed, I think one of the causes
get depressed, I think one of the causes
get depressed, I think one of the causes of it was isolation because I was living
of it was isolation because I was living
of it was isolation because I was living in Jackson, no longer had my community.
in Jackson, no longer had my community.
in Jackson, no longer had my community. But then what made it worse was I
But then what made it worse was I
But then what made it worse was I further isolated and you know now I'm
further isolated and you know now I'm
further isolated and you know now I'm connecting with all these people doing
connecting with all these people doing
connecting with all these people doing this photography project.
this photography project.
this photography project. >> Doing a photography project where you're
>> Doing a photography project where you're
>> Doing a photography project where you're going around to 78 people and
going around to 78 people and
going around to 78 people and photographing them as part of a book.
photographing them as part of a book.
photographing them as part of a book. >> Yeah. For my 50th birthday for your 50th
>> Yeah. For my 50th birthday for your 50th
>> Yeah. For my 50th birthday for your 50th birthday. So,
birthday. So,
birthday. So, >> so that's been a great way to reconnect
>> so that's been a great way to reconnect
>> so that's been a great way to reconnect with people. Now, getting the
with people. Now, getting the
with people. Now, getting the opportunity to give the bracelet, read
opportunity to give the bracelet, read
opportunity to give the bracelet, read the poem to strangers, to people. That's
the poem to strangers, to people. That's
the poem to strangers, to people. That's a way to connect. But, yeah, I would say
a way to connect. But, yeah, I would say
a way to connect. But, yeah, I would say make sure you really prioritize daily
make sure you really prioritize daily
make sure you really prioritize daily connection.
connection.
connection. >> I love you.
>> I love you.
>> I love you. >> I love you, brother.
>> I love you, brother.
>> I love you, brother. >> Yeah. Thank you for coming here.
>> Yeah. Thank you for coming here.
>> Yeah. Thank you for coming here. >> Thank you. Yeah,
>> Thank you. Yeah,
>> Thank you. Yeah, >> that was awesome.
>> that was awesome.
>> that was awesome. >> Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. >> All right. We are enough.
>> All right. We are enough.
>> All right. We are enough. >> You're enough. Exactly.
I wish you could have been in the room
I wish you could have been in the room with me uh as Blake and I talked because
with me uh as Blake and I talked because
with me uh as Blake and I talked because I could just feel a very palpable sense
I could just feel a very palpable sense
I could just feel a very palpable sense of
of
of some of the trauma that he's gone
some of the trauma that he's gone
some of the trauma that he's gone through, but also the joy he's now
through, but also the joy he's now
through, but also the joy he's now feeling. I want to start by saying um
feeling. I want to start by saying um
feeling. I want to start by saying um there's a there's a relatively new
there's a there's a relatively new
there's a there's a relatively new suicide and crisis line just like 911,
suicide and crisis line just like 911,
suicide and crisis line just like 911, but it's 988. So, if you know anybody or
but it's 988. So, if you know anybody or
but it's 988. So, if you know anybody or if you are in a a state of distress and
if you are in a a state of distress and
if you are in a a state of distress and disqu, feeling a sense of emotional
disqu, feeling a sense of emotional
disqu, feeling a sense of emotional crisis, just call 988. Um, and you'll
crisis, just call 988. Um, and you'll
crisis, just call 988. Um, and you'll get immediate help no matter where you
get immediate help no matter where you
get immediate help no matter where you are in the United States. If you're
are in the United States. If you're
are in the United States. If you're outside the United States, there may be
outside the United States, there may be
outside the United States, there may be other numbers. Uh, I'm sorry that I just
other numbers. Uh, I'm sorry that I just
other numbers. Uh, I'm sorry that I just have the the US number. My takeaways
have the the US number. My takeaways
have the the US number. My takeaways from my time with Blake
from my time with Blake
from my time with Blake are number one, if you're going through
are number one, if you're going through
are number one, if you're going through a very troubled time personally, it
a very troubled time personally, it
a very troubled time personally, it affects everybody around you. And Blake
affects everybody around you. And Blake
affects everybody around you. And Blake has had two marriages and kids. And I do
has had two marriages and kids. And I do
has had two marriages and kids. And I do know that one of the biggest challenges
know that one of the biggest challenges
know that one of the biggest challenges for him in his disqu was the fact that
for him in his disqu was the fact that
for him in his disqu was the fact that everybody around him wanted him to get
everybody around him wanted him to get
everybody around him wanted him to get better, but they couldn't help him get
better, but they couldn't help him get
better, but they couldn't help him get better. They could just love him as much
better. They could just love him as much
better. They could just love him as much as they could. Um, so this idea of like
as they could. Um, so this idea of like
as they could. Um, so this idea of like being there, the the being caregivers
being there, the the being caregivers
being there, the the being caregivers and and social support to people when
and and social support to people when
and and social support to people when they're going through a hard time is
they're going through a hard time is
they're going through a hard time is just essential. And uh thankfully uh
just essential. And uh thankfully uh
just essential. And uh thankfully uh Blake got to the other side of it and he
Blake got to the other side of it and he
Blake got to the other side of it and he is now he's teaching again at MEA uh
is now he's teaching again at MEA uh
is now he's teaching again at MEA uh which is wonderful.
which is wonderful.
which is wonderful. But I was there for him during that
But I was there for him during that
But I was there for him during that time. I was texting with him late at
time. I was texting with him late at
time. I was texting with him late at night sometimes and when he was really
night sometimes and when he was really
night sometimes and when he was really in in the throws of his suicidal
in in the throws of his suicidal
in in the throws of his suicidal ideiation and I will just say for the
ideiation and I will just say for the
ideiation and I will just say for the caregivers out there um just know you do
caregivers out there um just know you do
caregivers out there um just know you do the best you can. The serenity prayer,
the best you can. The serenity prayer,
the best you can. The serenity prayer, which I like to call the wisdom prayer,
which I like to call the wisdom prayer,
which I like to call the wisdom prayer, is not a bad thing to be saying daily.
is not a bad thing to be saying daily.
is not a bad thing to be saying daily. You know, God grant me the serenity to
You know, God grant me the serenity to
You know, God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the
accept the things I cannot change, the
accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and
courage to change the things I can, and
courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference
the wisdom to know the difference
the wisdom to know the difference because when it comes to people who are
because when it comes to people who are
because when it comes to people who are going through challenging times, it you
going through challenging times, it you
going through challenging times, it you there's some things that you can control
there's some things that you can control
there's some things that you can control and most you can't. So, all you can do
and most you can't. So, all you can do
and most you can't. So, all you can do is just show up and influence people the
is just show up and influence people the
is just show up and influence people the best you can. Uh, number two is
best you can. Uh, number two is
best you can. Uh, number two is getting your meds right. uh Blake
getting your meds right. uh Blake
getting your meds right. uh Blake because he was going through a lot and
because he was going through a lot and
because he was going through a lot and his doctors didn't know what to do for
his doctors didn't know what to do for
his doctors didn't know what to do for him, they had him over medicated for a
him, they had him over medicated for a
him, they had him over medicated for a while and with a lot of medications that
while and with a lot of medications that
while and with a lot of medications that that maybe really were not working for
that maybe really were not working for
that maybe really were not working for him. And so ultimately
him. And so ultimately
him. And so ultimately going through a program which highly
going through a program which highly
going through a program which highly recommend if you're actually addicted in
recommend if you're actually addicted in
recommend if you're actually addicted in his case, I don't know if it was
his case, I don't know if it was
his case, I don't know if it was addicted as much. It was he was reliant
addicted as much. It was he was reliant
addicted as much. It was he was reliant upon
upon
upon some psychological medicines that you
some psychological medicines that you
some psychological medicines that you have to titrate off of if you're going
have to titrate off of if you're going
have to titrate off of if you're going to try to get rid of them. And so the
to try to get rid of them. And so the
to try to get rid of them. And so the fact he got professional help for that
fact he got professional help for that
fact he got professional help for that was really essential. It did then open
was really essential. It did then open
was really essential. It did then open him up to feel more clean. He ultimately
him up to feel more clean. He ultimately
him up to feel more clean. He ultimately has gotten sober. He's no no longer
has gotten sober. He's no no longer
has gotten sober. He's no no longer drinking and he feels really good about
drinking and he feels really good about
drinking and he feels really good about that. He used some psychedelics along
that. He used some psychedelics along
that. He used some psychedelics along the way that were helpful. But I think
the way that were helpful. But I think
the way that were helpful. But I think he also found at some point that the
he also found at some point that the
he also found at some point that the emotional overall reliance on
emotional overall reliance on
emotional overall reliance on psychedelics can can be another form of
psychedelics can can be another form of
psychedelics can can be another form of an addiction. Um, so I would just say
an addiction. Um, so I would just say
an addiction. Um, so I would just say for those who are challenged right now
for those who are challenged right now
for those who are challenged right now in life and finding that you're addicted
in life and finding that you're addicted
in life and finding that you're addicted to sleeping pills or addicted to
to sleeping pills or addicted to
to sleeping pills or addicted to something else that is your way of
something else that is your way of
something else that is your way of trying to anesthesize yourself,
trying to anesthesize yourself,
trying to anesthesize yourself, get some help and explore the
get some help and explore the
get some help and explore the possibility. Again, this is not advice.
possibility. Again, this is not advice.
possibility. Again, this is not advice. This is just me reflecting what I heard
This is just me reflecting what I heard
This is just me reflecting what I heard from Blake. um explore the idea of can
from Blake. um explore the idea of can
from Blake. um explore the idea of can could you potentially operate without
could you potentially operate without
could you potentially operate without some of the medication that you're on
some of the medication that you're on
some of the medication that you're on because I know for my mom my mom was was
because I know for my mom my mom was was
because I know for my mom my mom was was you know I I don't want to say what she
you know I I don't want to say what she
you know I I don't want to say what she was on but she was on uh a kind of drug
was on but she was on uh a kind of drug
was on but she was on uh a kind of drug that actually she got addicted to at
that actually she got addicted to at
that actually she got addicted to at some point and it had you know almost a
some point and it had you know almost a
some point and it had you know almost a lethal effect on her. So just be careful
lethal effect on her. So just be careful
lethal effect on her. So just be careful with the kind of pharmaceutical
with the kind of pharmaceutical
with the kind of pharmaceutical medication that that people might or
medication that that people might or
medication that that people might or that therapists or psych psychiatrists
that therapists or psych psychiatrists
that therapists or psych psychiatrists might might give to you. So that's my
might might give to you. So that's my
might might give to you. So that's my second observation. I think my third
second observation. I think my third
second observation. I think my third observation is that um Blake is a
observation is that um Blake is a
observation is that um Blake is a naturalb born entrepreneur. He's been
naturalb born entrepreneur. He's been
naturalb born entrepreneur. He's been doing this since his teen years and he
doing this since his teen years and he
doing this since his teen years and he had a failure in his mid20s. uh he had
had a failure in his mid20s. uh he had
had a failure in his mid20s. uh he had Tomms which was an enormous success and
Tomms which was an enormous success and
Tomms which was an enormous success and built a lot of wealth for him. Um he did
built a lot of wealth for him. Um he did
built a lot of wealth for him. Um he did have uh you know a a company that didn't
have uh you know a a company that didn't
have uh you know a a company that didn't go well after that called made for a
go well after that called made for a
go well after that called made for a beautiful had a beautiful mission. And
beautiful had a beautiful mission. And
beautiful had a beautiful mission. And what I really appreciate now about
what I really appreciate now about
what I really appreciate now about enough uh this idea of you are enough is
enough uh this idea of you are enough is
enough uh this idea of you are enough is that this is a it's a it's a for-profit
that this is a it's a it's a for-profit
that this is a it's a it's a for-profit business but it's rooted and owned by a
business but it's rooted and owned by a
business but it's rooted and owned by a nonprofit. And you know, as we get
nonprofit. And you know, as we get
nonprofit. And you know, as we get older, if we're lucky enough in our
older, if we're lucky enough in our
older, if we're lucky enough in our life, we have a calling and we have a
life, we have a calling and we have a
life, we have a calling and we have a sense that what's most important in our
sense that what's most important in our
sense that what's most important in our life is not the return on investment. Uh
life is not the return on investment. Uh
life is not the return on investment. Uh that was very true for him with uh
that was very true for him with uh
that was very true for him with uh Tom's, even though it had a beautiful
Tom's, even though it had a beautiful
Tom's, even though it had a beautiful mission, but it becomes the ripple of
mission, but it becomes the ripple of
mission, but it becomes the ripple of impact, a different form of ROI.
impact, a different form of ROI.
impact, a different form of ROI. You know, I can see in in just seeing
You know, I can see in in just seeing
You know, I can see in in just seeing how just smitten Blake is by this new
how just smitten Blake is by this new
how just smitten Blake is by this new passion of his that I think this is very
passion of his that I think this is very
passion of his that I think this is very lifegiving for him. Yes, it's helping
lifegiving for him. Yes, it's helping
lifegiving for him. Yes, it's helping other people, but for him personally,
other people, but for him personally,
other people, but for him personally, it's life-giving. So, um I hope you
it's life-giving. So, um I hope you
it's life-giving. So, um I hope you enjoyed the episode. I hope if you have
enjoyed the episode. I hope if you have
enjoyed the episode. I hope if you have anybody who's going through some deep
anybody who's going through some deep
anybody who's going through some deep disqu or depression or even suicidal
disqu or depression or even suicidal
disqu or depression or even suicidal ideiation, please remind them about 988.
ideiation, please remind them about 988.
ideiation, please remind them about 988. Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you. >> Thanks for listening to the Midlife
>> Thanks for listening to the Midlife
>> Thanks for listening to the Midlife [music] Chrysis. This show is produced
[music] Chrysis. This show is produced
[music] Chrysis. This show is produced by Midlife Media. If you enjoyed this
by Midlife Media. If you enjoyed this
by Midlife Media. If you enjoyed this episode, help us spread the word by
episode, help us spread the word by
episode, help us spread the word by subscribing and leaving a review on your
subscribing and leaving a review on your
subscribing and leaving a review on your favorite platform.
