---
channel: BigDeal by Codie Sanchez
collected_at: 2026-04-08T01:40:49.427728+00:00
original_input_url: https://youtu.be/onZC4N1_hWk?si=uBSTW3UC1H01HI7p
published_at: 20260213
source_group: youtube
source_id: youtube_onZC4N1_hWk
source_type: youtube_auto_caption
title: How to Start A Business With NO Money | Blake Mycoskie (Founder of TOMS)
uploader: BigDeal by Codie Sanchez
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=onZC4N1_hWk
---

Two years ago, I started waking up at
Two years ago, I started waking up at 3:00 in the morning and I want to kill
3:00 in the morning and I want to kill
3:00 in the morning and I want to kill myself.
myself.
myself. Underneath all of it was this [music]
Underneath all of it was this [music]
Underneath all of it was this [music] belief that I'm not enough. The reason
belief that I'm not enough. The reason
belief that I'm not enough. The reason I'm bringing this up is it's the most
I'm bringing this up is it's the most
I'm bringing this up is it's the most important thing anyone can do who is
important thing anyone can do who is
important thing anyone can do who is suffering is If you think that you don't
suffering is If you think that you don't
suffering is If you think that you don't have [music] mentally what it takes to
have [music] mentally what it takes to
have [music] mentally what it takes to lead a company, this guest is going to
lead a company, this guest is going to
lead a company, this guest is going to prove you wrong. We're talking [music]
prove you wrong. We're talking [music]
prove you wrong. We're talking [music] to Blake Mycoskie who built TOMS, but
to Blake Mycoskie who built TOMS, but
to Blake Mycoskie who built TOMS, but maybe you don't know that he started out
maybe you don't know that he started out
maybe you don't know that he started out probably just like you and I. No cash,
probably just like you and I. No cash,
probably just like you and I. No cash, no credentials, and started not one
no credentials, and started not one
no credentials, and started not one company, [music] but a ton of them.
company, [music] but a ton of them.
company, [music] but a ton of them. After I sold TOMS, I got super
After I sold TOMS, I got super
After I sold TOMS, I got super depressed. I built like what I think is
depressed. I built like what I think is
depressed. I built like what I think is the perfect company. I gave 100 million
the perfect company. I gave 100 million
the perfect company. I gave 100 million children shoes. I made more money than I
children shoes. I made more money than I
children shoes. I made more money than I ever could imagine and I felt empty. No
ever could imagine and I felt empty. No
ever could imagine and I felt empty. No matter what I did, no matter how much
matter what I did, no matter how much
matter what I did, no matter how much success I had, I just never felt that I
success I had, I just never felt that I
success I had, I just never felt that I was enough. When you feel enough, you
was enough. When you feel enough, you
was enough. When you feel enough, you have so much peace because then you can
have so much peace because then you can
have so much peace because then you can actually just be. In 3 days, we sold
actually just be. In 3 days, we sold
actually just be. In 3 days, we sold $100,000
$100,000
$100,000 worth of laundry services. Boom!
worth of laundry services. Boom!
worth of laundry services. Boom! Everyone signed up. No big deal.
Everyone signed up. No big deal.
Everyone signed up. No big deal. >> That's wild. How many times do you think
>> That's wild. How many times do you think
>> That's wild. How many times do you think you've been rejected? You can think of
you've been rejected? You can think of
you've been rejected? You can think of any celebrity that has had a mental
any celebrity that has had a mental
any celebrity that has had a mental health challenge. I have cold called
health challenge. I have cold called
health challenge. I have cold called every single one of them now and I only
every single one of them now and I only
every single one of them now and I only have six founding partners.
have six founding partners.
have six founding partners. >> [music]
>> [music]
>> [music] >> You want to call one of them out
>> You want to call one of them out
>> You want to call one of them out publicly?
publicly?
>> [laughter]
>> One of my favorite things about you
>> One of my favorite things about you actually that I didn't know is what
actually that I didn't know is what
actually that I didn't know is what you're not famous for actually, which is
you're not famous for actually, which is
you're not famous for actually, which is all these other businesses that you
all these other businesses that you
all these other businesses that you started and a lot of them you didn't
started and a lot of them you didn't
started and a lot of them you didn't even have a lot of money.
even have a lot of money.
even have a lot of money. Some of them you maybe have money today,
Some of them you maybe have money today,
Some of them you maybe have money today, you don't use money as like the main
you don't use money as like the main
you don't use money as like the main driver for growth. So I wanted to ask
driver for growth. So I wanted to ask
driver for growth. So I wanted to ask you
you
you for somebody listening today who wants
for somebody listening today who wants
for somebody listening today who wants to start a business
to start a business
to start a business but thinks I don't have the cash to do
but thinks I don't have the cash to do
but thinks I don't have the cash to do it, I don't have the credentials to do
it, I don't have the credentials to do
it, I don't have the credentials to do it, what would you tell that person?
it, what would you tell that person?
it, what would you tell that person? I mean, first thing I would say is I
I mean, first thing I would say is I
I mean, first thing I would say is I often think a startup having money is
often think a startup having money is
often think a startup having money is like a detriment.
like a detriment.
like a detriment. Yeah, like I never have raised money in
Yeah, like I never have raised money in
Yeah, like I never have raised money in any business I've started and I've
any business I've started and I've
any business I've started and I've always felt like if you can bootstrap it
always felt like if you can bootstrap it
always felt like if you can bootstrap it and prove and get customers and make it
and prove and get customers and make it
and prove and get customers and make it work, well then you have, you know, a
work, well then you have, you know, a
work, well then you have, you know, a better chance of success. But I mean,
better chance of success. But I mean,
better chance of success. But I mean, TOMS, the entire company was started
TOMS, the entire company was started
TOMS, the entire company was started $3,000.
$3,000.
$3,000. I know. I mean, my laundry business I
I know. I mean, my laundry business I
I know. I mean, my laundry business I started I started it for $500. My online
started I started it for $500. My online
started I started it for $500. My online drivers ed company that I started maybe
drivers ed company that I started maybe
drivers ed company that I started maybe was
was
was I don't know, $1,500.
I don't know, $1,500.
I don't know, $1,500. So like I've never actually Actually,
So like I've never actually Actually,
So like I've never actually Actually, the one business that I started that
the one business that I started that
the one business that I started that didn't work, I spent a couple million
didn't work, I spent a couple million
didn't work, I spent a couple million dollars on it. Now that I think about
dollars on it. Now that I think about
dollars on it. Now that I think about it, yeah. I started a habit formation
it, yeah. I started a habit formation
it, yeah. I started a habit formation company called Made For with a good
company called Made For with a good
company called Made For with a good friend of mine,
friend of mine,
friend of mine, a Navy SEAL, amazing. We had Andrew
a Navy SEAL, amazing. We had Andrew
a Navy SEAL, amazing. We had Andrew Huberman as one of our advisors. Like it
Huberman as one of our advisors. Like it
Huberman as one of our advisors. Like it was locked and loaded and I put 3 and
was locked and loaded and I put 3 and
was locked and loaded and I put 3 and 1/2 million dollars in it. Zero today.
1/2 million dollars in it. Zero today.
1/2 million dollars in it. Zero today. Yeah. I love that cuz it's we bootstrap
Yeah. I love that cuz it's we bootstrap
Yeah. I love that cuz it's we bootstrap all of our companies and I kind of think
all of our companies and I kind of think
all of our companies and I kind of think the same thing. It's like you, you know,
the same thing. It's like you, you know,
the same thing. It's like you, you know, if you put a bunch of fuel on a fire
if you put a bunch of fuel on a fire
if you put a bunch of fuel on a fire that's going the wrong direction, it's
that's going the wrong direction, it's
that's going the wrong direction, it's not very good.
not very good.
not very good. >> Yeah, yeah, yeah. Were there things that
>> Yeah, yeah, yeah. Were there things that
>> Yeah, yeah, yeah. Were there things that you believed back then that now through
you believed back then that now through
you believed back then that now through multiple exits, still own a business
multiple exits, still own a business
multiple exits, still own a business for, you know, 50% at a 600 mil
for, you know, 50% at a 600 mil
for, you know, 50% at a 600 mil valuation,
valuation,
valuation, multiple businesses you started that
multiple businesses you started that
multiple businesses you started that you're like
you're like
you're like that was such a lie that they told me
that was such a lie that they told me
that was such a lie that they told me starting out in business and now I know
starting out in business and now I know
starting out in business and now I know this to be the truth. I think one of the
this to be the truth. I think one of the
this to be the truth. I think one of the things is that um I don't think that
things is that um I don't think that
things is that um I don't think that having experience in an industry makes
having experience in an industry makes
having experience in an industry makes you more likely to have success because
you more likely to have success because
you more likely to have success because when you have experience, you kind of
when you have experience, you kind of
when you have experience, you kind of know the rules so you don't have like
know the rules so you don't have like
know the rules so you don't have like the courage to break them.
the courage to break them.
the courage to break them. And you're limited. You already start
And you're limited. You already start
And you're limited. You already start with a set of beliefs that are limiting
with a set of beliefs that are limiting
with a set of beliefs that are limiting the innovation that you would have. Like
the innovation that you would have. Like
the innovation that you would have. Like I started you know, a cable television
I started you know, a cable television
I started you know, a cable television network, no experience in that. Drivers
network, no experience in that. Drivers
network, no experience in that. Drivers ed company, zero experience in that. You
ed company, zero experience in that. You
ed company, zero experience in that. You know, TOMS, obviously I had never made a
know, TOMS, obviously I had never made a
know, TOMS, obviously I had never made a pair of shoes before I was sitting in
pair of shoes before I was sitting in
pair of shoes before I was sitting in Argentina. You know, enough. I mean, now
Argentina. You know, enough. I mean, now
Argentina. You know, enough. I mean, now like I've never made bracelets and
like I've never made bracelets and
like I've never made bracelets and accessories. Like so I actually think
accessories. Like so I actually think
accessories. Like so I actually think that's one of the biggest lies we're
that's one of the biggest lies we're
that's one of the biggest lies we're told is is in a small business is or
told is is in a small business is or
told is is in a small business is or entrepreneurs is that you need to have
entrepreneurs is that you need to have
entrepreneurs is that you need to have experience. And then the second thing I
experience. And then the second thing I
experience. And then the second thing I learned, which I learned the very much
learned, which I learned the very much
learned, which I learned the very much the hard way at TOMS, is that once you
the hard way at TOMS, is that once you
the hard way at TOMS, is that once you grow and you get to a certain size you
grow and you get to a certain size you
grow and you get to a certain size you need experts. That's the biggest bunch
need experts. That's the biggest bunch
need experts. That's the biggest bunch of [\h__\h] ever. I mean, literally like
of [\h__\h] ever. I mean, literally like
of [\h__\h] ever. I mean, literally like the number of people that I brought in
the number of people that I brought in
the number of people that I brought in to TOMS later, like once we were like
to TOMS later, like once we were like
to TOMS later, like once we were like couple hundred million dollar business,
couple hundred million dollar business,
couple hundred million dollar business, that quote had like big company
that quote had like big company
that quote had like big company expertise
expertise
expertise did not help. If anything, it it
did not help. If anything, it it
did not help. If anything, it it affected the culture in a negative way,
affected the culture in a negative way,
affected the culture in a negative way, caused more complexity. They wanted to
caused more complexity. They wanted to
caused more complexity. They wanted to bring their own systems in, their own
bring their own systems in, their own
bring their own systems in, their own teams. It created like way more overhead
teams. It created like way more overhead
teams. It created like way more overhead than we ever needed. So hey, you don't
than we ever needed. So hey, you don't
than we ever needed. So hey, you don't need a lot of experience to start and if
need a lot of experience to start and if
need a lot of experience to start and if anything, having experience might limit
anything, having experience might limit
anything, having experience might limit your innovative thinking. And then if
your innovative thinking. And then if
your innovative thinking. And then if you are lucky enough to build something
you are lucky enough to build something
you are lucky enough to build something that really starts scaling, when they
that really starts scaling, when they
that really starts scaling, when they start telling you like oh, you need to
start telling you like oh, you need to
start telling you like oh, you need to bring in this expertise I don't I don't
bring in this expertise I don't I don't
bring in this expertise I don't I don't think it's true. And I think my sister's
think it's true. And I think my sister's
think it's true. And I think my sister's a great example of that. My sister, you
a great example of that. My sister, you
a great example of that. My sister, you know, runs Aviator Nation and you know,
know, runs Aviator Nation and you know,
know, runs Aviator Nation and you know, she owns 100% of the company, has never
she owns 100% of the company, has never
she owns 100% of the company, has never brought in quote the experts and she and
brought in quote the experts and she and
brought in quote the experts and she and a small group of really passionate
a small group of really passionate
a small group of really passionate people built an incredible brand.
people built an incredible brand.
people built an incredible brand. Yeah. What did your parents feed you
Yeah. What did your parents feed you
Yeah. What did your parents feed you guys?
guys?
guys? Why are you both so successful? That's
Why are you both so successful? That's
Why are you both so successful? That's so cre And my brother, too. My brother
so cre And my brother, too. My brother
so cre And my brother, too. My brother has I love you all My brother has this
has I love you all My brother has this
has I love you all My brother has this amazing online golf company called
amazing online golf company called
amazing online golf company called MyGolfClub and basically it allows
MyGolfClub and basically it allows
MyGolfClub and basically it allows people to get by far the lowest prices
people to get by far the lowest prices
people to get by far the lowest prices of any golf equipment on the internet
of any golf equipment on the internet
of any golf equipment on the internet and through a membership model. And so
and through a membership model. And so
and through a membership model. And so he hasn't been as like well known in the
he hasn't been as like well known in the
he hasn't been as like well known in the media, but he's also crushing it. What
media, but he's also crushing it. What
media, but he's also crushing it. What like what do you attribute that to? Like
like what do you attribute that to? Like
like what do you attribute that to? Like what is it parenting or genetics? I
what is it parenting or genetics? I
what is it parenting or genetics? I think our parents were like always just
think our parents were like always just
think our parents were like always just like if you can believe it, just go do
like if you can believe it, just go do
like if you can believe it, just go do it. Like we didn't have a We didn't have
it. Like we didn't have a We didn't have
it. Like we didn't have a We didn't have any fear growing up of failure. And I
any fear growing up of failure. And I
any fear growing up of failure. And I think maybe cuz, you know, we grew up My
think maybe cuz, you know, we grew up My
think maybe cuz, you know, we grew up My dad was a doctor, my mom was an author.
dad was a doctor, my mom was an author.
dad was a doctor, my mom was an author. She did very well. He did well. Like we
She did very well. He did well. Like we
She did very well. He did well. Like we had a nice safety net. So a lot of
had a nice safety net. So a lot of
had a nice safety net. So a lot of people don't have that. You know, a lot
people don't have that. You know, a lot
people don't have that. You know, a lot of people, you know, don't have the
of people, you know, don't have the
of people, you know, don't have the luxury of just going for it. But also I
luxury of just going for it. But also I
luxury of just going for it. But also I just think from a psychological
just think from a psychological
just think from a psychological perspective, our parents were always
perspective, our parents were always
perspective, our parents were always instilling confidence in us and always,
instilling confidence in us and always,
instilling confidence in us and always, you know, encouraging us to like really
you know, encouraging us to like really
you know, encouraging us to like really go for what we believe in. Can you
go for what we believe in. Can you
go for what we believe in. Can you remember a moment where like
remember a moment where like
remember a moment where like it was
it was
it was it really made you who you are as a kid
it really made you who you are as a kid
it really made you who you are as a kid because of what your parents did? Like
because of what your parents did? Like
because of what your parents did? Like were were there moments where you You
were were there moments where you You
were were there moments where you You know, my mom basically put my dad
know, my mom basically put my dad
know, my mom basically put my dad through medical school.
through medical school.
through medical school. And then, you know, years later I think
And then, you know, years later I think
And then, you know, years later I think I was 15 at the time, my sister was like
I was 15 at the time, my sister was like
I was 15 at the time, my sister was like 11, my brother was like seven.
11, my brother was like seven.
11, my brother was like seven. She decided she wanted to write a
She decided she wanted to write a
She decided she wanted to write a cookbook. And she was like, you know
cookbook. And she was like, you know
cookbook. And she was like, you know what? I have this idea for this
what? I have this idea for this
what? I have this idea for this cookbook. I think it'll help a lot of
cookbook. I think it'll help a lot of
cookbook. I think it'll help a lot of people lose weight. It's about cutting
people lose weight. It's about cutting
people lose weight. It's about cutting the fat out. It's good for your heart.
the fat out. It's good for your heart.
the fat out. It's good for your heart. This whole thing. She had, you know,
This whole thing. She had, you know,
This whole thing. She had, you know, didn't go to college. Had no experience
didn't go to college. Had no experience
didn't go to college. Had no experience writing books. Like my dad bought her a
writing books. Like my dad bought her a
writing books. Like my dad bought her a word processor at Walmart and she wrote
word processor at Walmart and she wrote
word processor at Walmart and she wrote this book and it became the number one
this book and it became the number one
this book and it became the number one best-selling cookbook in America for 3
best-selling cookbook in America for 3
best-selling cookbook in America for 3 years. Wow.
years. Wow.
years. Wow. And she made millions of dollars. So
And she made millions of dollars. So
And she made millions of dollars. So it's like just do things.
it's like just do things.
it's like just do things. >> Yeah, yeah, just do things. Like they
>> Yeah, yeah, just do things. Like they
>> Yeah, yeah, just do things. Like they Just like if you have an idea, just try
Just like if you have an idea, just try
Just like if you have an idea, just try it. And what, you know, and so I think
it. And what, you know, and so I think
it. And what, you know, and so I think that really
that really
that really created that entrepreneurial spirit in
created that entrepreneurial spirit in
created that entrepreneurial spirit in my brother and my sister and I. Yeah.
my brother and my sister and I. Yeah.
my brother and my sister and I. Yeah. You know, and you've told me even just
You know, and you've told me even just
You know, and you've told me even just our short time hanging out here a bunch
our short time hanging out here a bunch
our short time hanging out here a bunch of stories about how you get people to
of stories about how you get people to
of stories about how you get people to get excited about a product or business
get excited about a product or business
get excited about a product or business without having a bunch of cash, which I
without having a bunch of cash, which I
without having a bunch of cash, which I love. So like
love. So like
love. So like I want to talk about You were talking
I want to talk about You were talking
I want to talk about You were talking about two companies you're interested in
about two companies you're interested in
about two companies you're interested in right now. And one of them you're like,
right now. And one of them you're like,
right now. And one of them you're like, you know how we're going to we're going
you know how we're going to we're going
you know how we're going to we're going to get everybody into this. And then you
to get everybody into this. And then you
to get everybody into this. And then you told me your strategy. Will you tell
told me your strategy. Will you tell
told me your strategy. Will you tell them the strategy for the chair company?
them the strategy for the chair company?
them the strategy for the chair company? >> Yeah. Well, I think one of the best
>> Yeah. Well, I think one of the best
>> Yeah. Well, I think one of the best things to do for a company is to try to
things to do for a company is to try to
things to do for a company is to try to find a way to be integrated into natural
find a way to be integrated into natural
find a way to be integrated into natural conversations. And it's also like like
conversations. And it's also like like
conversations. And it's also like like it's also the thing that like Seth
it's also the thing that like Seth
it's also the thing that like Seth Godin, the great marketing genius who I
Godin, the great marketing genius who I
Godin, the great marketing genius who I love, you know, he writes about the
love, you know, he writes about the
love, you know, he writes about the purple cow. And the purple cow is it's
purple cow. And the purple cow is it's
purple cow. And the purple cow is it's like if you're driving down the highway
like if you're driving down the highway
like if you're driving down the highway and you're looking at cows and then you
and you're looking at cows and then you
and you're looking at cows and then you see a purple one, you're going to stop.
see a purple one, you're going to stop.
see a purple one, you're going to stop. You're going to take a picture of it.
You're going to take a picture of it.
You're going to take a picture of it. You're going to tell everyone. So it's
You're going to tell everyone. So it's
You're going to tell everyone. So it's got to be remarkable. So first off, when
got to be remarkable. So first off, when
got to be remarkable. So first off, when you're starting a business, like if the
you're starting a business, like if the
you're starting a business, like if the more your product itself can be
more your product itself can be
more your product itself can be remarkable, but then it's like how do we
remarkable, but then it's like how do we
remarkable, but then it's like how do we naturally integrate it into where
naturally integrate it into where
naturally integrate it into where conversations are happening? So this
conversations are happening? So this
conversations are happening? So this chair company is called the Pivot Chair,
chair company is called the Pivot Chair,
chair company is called the Pivot Chair, P V O T. Okay? So Pivot Chair, these
P V O T. Okay? So Pivot Chair, these
P V O T. Okay? So Pivot Chair, these guys are engineers from Nike. They're
guys are engineers from Nike. They're
guys are engineers from Nike. They're there for like 30 years and they
there for like 30 years and they
there for like 30 years and they realized that sitting is the new
realized that sitting is the new
realized that sitting is the new smoking. Like like we we were way too
smoking. Like like we we were way too
smoking. Like like we we were way too sedentary. And so they developed a chair
sedentary. And so they developed a chair
sedentary. And so they developed a chair that has It's the only chair in the
that has It's the only chair in the
that has It's the only chair in the world and they have all these patents on
world and they have all these patents on
world and they have all these patents on it that literally has two axis points.
it that literally has two axis points.
it that literally has two axis points. So it moves this way and it moves this
So it moves this way and it moves this
So it moves this way and it moves this way. And so when you sit in the Pivot
way. And so when you sit in the Pivot
way. And so when you sit in the Pivot Chair, if you're not prepared, you'll
Chair, if you're not prepared, you'll
Chair, if you're not prepared, you'll fall over.
fall over.
fall over. But if you're prepared and you engage
But if you're prepared and you engage
But if you're prepared and you engage your core a little bit, all the pressure
your core a little bit, all the pressure
your core a little bit, all the pressure goes out of your lower back and it's
goes out of your lower back and it's
goes out of your lower back and it's like the most amazing experience ever.
like the most amazing experience ever.
like the most amazing experience ever. You can sit in it all day. It's not like
You can sit in it all day. It's not like
You can sit in it all day. It's not like it makes you sore, but it engaged you
it makes you sore, but it engaged you
it makes you sore, but it engaged you enough that it's like the equivalent of
enough that it's like the equivalent of
enough that it's like the equivalent of thousands of steps. And everyone's
thousands of steps. And everyone's
thousands of steps. And everyone's looking to count steps, right? And so
looking to count steps, right? And so
looking to count steps, right? And so what my idea to them was is I was like,
what my idea to them was is I was like,
what my idea to them was is I was like, guys, like because we're getting ready
guys, like because we're getting ready
guys, like because we're getting ready to do an investment round. The company
to do an investment round. The company
to do an investment round. The company launches in July and I said, you know, I
launches in July and I said, you know, I
launches in July and I said, you know, I think the only people we have invest in
think the only people we have invest in
think the only people we have invest in this next round are podcast hosts
this next round are podcast hosts
this next round are podcast hosts because they sit in a chair big part of
because they sit in a chair big part of
because they sit in a chair big part of the day and then their guests sit in the
the day and then their guests sit in the
the day and then their guests sit in the chair. And so rather than them have to
chair. And so rather than them have to
chair. And so rather than them have to like do an ad about it, just have the
like do an ad about it, just have the
like do an ad about it, just have the guest sit there and for the first 5
guest sit there and for the first 5
guest sit there and for the first 5 minutes of every conversation it's to be
minutes of every conversation it's to be
minutes of every conversation it's to be what the [\h__\h] am I sitting in? And then
what the [\h__\h] am I sitting in? And then
what the [\h__\h] am I sitting in? And then naturally you're going to talk about
naturally you're going to talk about
naturally you're going to talk about like why this is so good for us. And so
like why this is so good for us. And so
like why this is so good for us. And so I that's a good example of like taking
I that's a good example of like taking
I that's a good example of like taking something that might be hard to explain
something that might be hard to explain
something that might be hard to explain and that's when you need a lot of money
and that's when you need a lot of money
and that's when you need a lot of money for marketing and advertising and just
for marketing and advertising and just
for marketing and advertising and just letting someone experience it in an
letting someone experience it in an
letting someone experience it in an environment that's naturally going to
environment that's naturally going to
environment that's naturally going to get people talking about it. And so
get people talking about it. And so
get people talking about it. And so that's and like we have no marketing
that's and like we have no marketing
that's and like we have no marketing budget for that company. We don't need
budget for that company. We don't need
budget for that company. We don't need it because it's just if people sit in
it because it's just if people sit in
it because it's just if people sit in it, they won't want one.
it, they won't want one.
it, they won't want one. How do you come up with ideas like this
How do you come up with ideas like this
How do you come up with ideas like this that don't take money but just
that don't take money but just
that don't take money but just creativity? Like do you have a creative
creativity? Like do you have a creative
creativity? Like do you have a creative process?
process?
process? I think the creative process is I just
I think the creative process is I just
I think the creative process is I just love people. I love talking to people. I
love people. I love talking to people. I
love people. I love talking to people. I love meeting strangers. I love asking
love meeting strangers. I love asking
love meeting strangers. I love asking people what you think. I love playing
people what you think. I love playing
people what you think. I love playing pranks on people. Like I mean, I just
pranks on people. Like I mean, I just
pranks on people. Like I mean, I just like just anything to do with people and
like just anything to do with people and
like just anything to do with people and I feel like the more I'm around people,
I feel like the more I'm around people,
I feel like the more I'm around people, the more ideas get generated. What
the more ideas get generated. What
the more ideas get generated. What doesn't work for me is like sitting in
doesn't work for me is like sitting in
doesn't work for me is like sitting in a, you know, in an office trying to
a, you know, in an office trying to
a, you know, in an office trying to figure it out or like having endless
figure it out or like having endless
figure it out or like having endless Zoom calls, you know, because everyone's
Zoom calls, you know, because everyone's
Zoom calls, you know, because everyone's posturing whatever. Like it's actually
posturing whatever. Like it's actually
posturing whatever. Like it's actually like let's just get out there and mess
like let's just get out there and mess
like let's just get out there and mess with it. Like for instance, when I
with it. Like for instance, when I
with it. Like for instance, when I launched the Enough bracelet, what I did
launched the Enough bracelet, what I did
launched the Enough bracelet, what I did was I just started giving them to
was I just started giving them to
was I just started giving them to people, you know, and saying, "Look,
people, you know, and saying, "Look,
people, you know, and saying, "Look, like I really struggled not feeling
like I really struggled not feeling
like I really struggled not feeling enough and for many years and this has
enough and for many years and this has
enough and for many years and this has been like a daily reminder for me and
been like a daily reminder for me and
been like a daily reminder for me and I'd just love for you to have one and
I'd just love for you to have one and
I'd just love for you to have one and just see what happens." Or ask people
just see what happens." Or ask people
just see what happens." Or ask people like who in your life helps you really
like who in your life helps you really
like who in your life helps you really feel enough. And they start opening up,
feel enough. And they start opening up,
feel enough. And they start opening up, "My mom." "Okay, here's one for you and
"My mom." "Okay, here's one for you and
"My mom." "Okay, here's one for you and go give one to your mom." You know, so
go give one to your mom." You know, so
go give one to your mom." You know, so like and then we had all these ideas
like and then we had all these ideas
like and then we had all these ideas about that and then that leads to,
about that and then that leads to,
about that and then that leads to, "Well, what if every person that
"Well, what if every person that
"Well, what if every person that receives one now has a little code on
receives one now has a little code on
receives one now has a little code on their on the packaging where they can
their on the packaging where they can
their on the packaging where they can scan it and send one to someone else?"
scan it and send one to someone else?"
scan it and send one to someone else?" Oh, that's cool.
Oh, that's cool.
Oh, that's cool. >> So, what a great marketing idea, right?
>> So, what a great marketing idea, right?
>> So, what a great marketing idea, right? Like everyone that wears a bracelet is
Like everyone that wears a bracelet is
Like everyone that wears a bracelet is also a giver of a bracelet and now it
also a giver of a bracelet and now it
also a giver of a bracelet and now it just goes on forever. But that wouldn't
just goes on forever. But that wouldn't
just goes on forever. But that wouldn't have come had I not been like on the
have come had I not been like on the
have come had I not been like on the street like passing out bracelets
street like passing out bracelets
street like passing out bracelets talking to people. That's such a good
talking to people. That's such a good
talking to people. That's such a good point cuz I think
point cuz I think
point cuz I think in this age of AI, everybody's really
in this age of AI, everybody's really
in this age of AI, everybody's really worried about their job and what's going
worried about their job and what's going
worried about their job and what's going to happen and will somebody take this
to happen and will somebody take this
to happen and will somebody take this away from me. Yeah.
away from me. Yeah.
away from me. Yeah. And one of the things that I think lasts
And one of the things that I think lasts
And one of the things that I think lasts is something you talk about a lot, which
is something you talk about a lot, which
is something you talk about a lot, which is really taste and creativity, right?
is really taste and creativity, right?
is really taste and creativity, right? And so like you're obviously a guy with
And so like you're obviously a guy with
And so like you're obviously a guy with taste. You're like cool dressed. Yeah,
taste. You're like cool dressed. Yeah,
taste. You're like cool dressed. Yeah, you got all this stuff. TOMS was like,
you got all this stuff. TOMS was like,
you got all this stuff. TOMS was like, you know, one of the first cool shoe
you know, one of the first cool shoe
you know, one of the first cool shoe companies I remember. Thank you. And so
companies I remember. Thank you. And so
companies I remember. Thank you. And so I guess my question for you there is
I guess my question for you there is
I guess my question for you there is like
like
like does everybody have taste? Can you
does everybody have taste? Can you
does everybody have taste? Can you develop taste as an entrepreneur? Can
develop taste as an entrepreneur? Can
develop taste as an entrepreneur? Can you hire people with taste?
you hire people with taste?
you hire people with taste? I definitely think you can hire people
I definitely think you can hire people
I definitely think you can hire people with taste. Like I feel like when I'm
with taste. Like I feel like when I'm
with taste. Like I feel like when I'm meeting with someone, I kind of know if
meeting with someone, I kind of know if
meeting with someone, I kind of know if they've got it or they don't.
they've got it or they don't.
they've got it or they don't. >> can you tell? Just their personal style
>> can you tell? Just their personal style
>> can you tell? Just their personal style choices, their their attention to
choices, their their attention to
choices, their their attention to details, their Instagram. I mean, as
details, their Instagram. I mean, as
details, their Instagram. I mean, as silly as that sounds, like even to that
silly as that sounds, like even to that
silly as that sounds, like even to that to some degree. I mean, it's gotten a
to some degree. I mean, it's gotten a
to some degree. I mean, it's gotten a little bit harder because everyone's so
little bit harder because everyone's so
little bit harder because everyone's so hyper-focused and everyone kind of
hyper-focused and everyone kind of
hyper-focused and everyone kind of follows what everyone else is doing. But
follows what everyone else is doing. But
follows what everyone else is doing. But but originally early day Instagram like
but originally early day Instagram like
but originally early day Instagram like back when like I was running TOMS, you
back when like I was running TOMS, you
back when like I was running TOMS, you know, 10-plus years ago, Instagram was a
know, 10-plus years ago, Instagram was a
know, 10-plus years ago, Instagram was a great way to see like when we were
great way to see like when we were
great way to see like when we were hiring people like cuz it's it's
hiring people like cuz it's it's
hiring people like cuz it's it's interesting like they say like if you
interesting like they say like if you
interesting like they say like if you really want to know someone,
really want to know someone,
really want to know someone, you know, look at their camera roll. You
you know, look at their camera roll. You
you know, look at their camera roll. You know, it's like what are they actually
know, it's like what are they actually
know, it's like what are they actually taking pictures of? And if they're
taking pictures of? And if they're
taking pictures of? And if they're taking pictures of like cool
taking pictures of like cool
taking pictures of like cool architecture or like a really cool
architecture or like a really cool
architecture or like a really cool restaurant or whatever, even if they're
restaurant or whatever, even if they're
restaurant or whatever, even if they're not posting it, it's like that's how you
not posting it, it's like that's how you
not posting it, it's like that's how you can kind of see what are someone
can kind of see what are someone
can kind of see what are someone thinking about, you know? And I think a
thinking about, you know? And I think a
thinking about, you know? And I think a lot of taste is also about curiosity.
lot of taste is also about curiosity.
lot of taste is also about curiosity. Mhm. Like taste I don't necessarily
Mhm. Like taste I don't necessarily
Mhm. Like taste I don't necessarily think. Actually, I want to change this.
think. Actually, I want to change this.
think. Actually, I want to change this. I care more about someone having a sense
I care more about someone having a sense
I care more about someone having a sense of style
of style
of style >> Mhm. than taste. And I don't care if
>> Mhm. than taste. And I don't care if
>> Mhm. than taste. And I don't care if it's my style or not. Yeah. Like they
it's my style or not. Yeah. Like they
it's my style or not. Yeah. Like they could be hardcore cowboy. Great. But if
could be hardcore cowboy. Great. But if
could be hardcore cowboy. Great. But if they lean into it and like that's them,
they lean into it and like that's them,
they lean into it and like that's them, I respect that.
I respect that.
I respect that. >> You know, or they're really into, you
>> You know, or they're really into, you
>> You know, or they're really into, you know, vintage cameras and like that's
know, vintage cameras and like that's
know, vintage cameras and like that's their thing and they've got this camera
their thing and they've got this camera
their thing and they've got this camera and they tell you exactly about it and
and they tell you exactly about it and
and they tell you exactly about it and why they had this leather strap and what
why they had this leather strap and what
why they had this leather strap and what this viewfinder does. Like that's a
this viewfinder does. Like that's a
this viewfinder does. Like that's a sense of style, whereas taste can be a
sense of style, whereas taste can be a
sense of style, whereas taste can be a little bit kind of like following
little bit kind of like following
little bit kind of like following whatever's cool in the moment. But I'm
whatever's cool in the moment. But I'm
whatever's cool in the moment. But I'm more interested in style cuz that tells
more interested in style cuz that tells
more interested in style cuz that tells me independent thinking, that tells me
me independent thinking, that tells me
me independent thinking, that tells me curiosity, that tells me confidence that
curiosity, that tells me confidence that
curiosity, that tells me confidence that they don't care if everyone else has
they don't care if everyone else has
they don't care if everyone else has their style, you know? So Yeah, that's
their style, you know? So Yeah, that's
their style, you know? So Yeah, that's it. I think that's something that's a
it. I think that's something that's a
it. I think that's something that's a little bit more interesting to look at
little bit more interesting to look at
little bit more interesting to look at when you're looking to hire someone
when you're looking to hire someone
when you're looking to hire someone because if someone has a specific sense
because if someone has a specific sense
because if someone has a specific sense of style, I think that that can be
of style, I think that that can be
of style, I think that that can be applied to other styles. So like if
applied to other styles. So like if
applied to other styles. So like if they're very specific in their personal
they're very specific in their personal
they're very specific in their personal style, then they can figure out like
style, then they can figure out like
style, then they can figure out like what is the right style of how we want
what is the right style of how we want
what is the right style of how we want to, you know, merchandise or or stack
to, you know, merchandise or or stack
to, you know, merchandise or or stack these bracelets. Yeah, it's a good
these bracelets. Yeah, it's a good
these bracelets. Yeah, it's a good point. Yeah, it's funny. I was actually
point. Yeah, it's funny. I was actually
point. Yeah, it's funny. I was actually talking to David, my podcast producer,
talking to David, my podcast producer,
talking to David, my podcast producer, because I was like, "I got to get like I
because I was like, "I got to get like I
because I was like, "I got to get like I got to get a little bit more swag." Like
got to get a little bit more swag." Like
got to get a little bit more swag." Like I was like too serious, you know, cuz
I was like too serious, you know, cuz
I was like too serious, you know, cuz I'm ex-finance. And he's and he is known
I'm ex-finance. And he's and he is known
I'm ex-finance. And he's and he is known for, hopefully I can say this publicly,
for, hopefully I can say this publicly,
for, hopefully I can say this publicly, sometimes he'll paint his nails. Now the
sometimes he'll paint his nails. Now the
sometimes he'll paint his nails. Now the internet knows. And he's like yeah and
internet knows. And he's like yeah and
internet knows. And he's like yeah and he
he
he >> paint my nails before. See, I was like,
>> paint my nails before. See, I was like,
>> paint my nails before. See, I was like, "David, I don't know about that." I was
"David, I don't know about that." I was
"David, I don't know about that." I was like, "I don't know if that's what we
like, "I don't know if that's what we
like, "I don't know if that's what we And he was like, "Listen, bud, you got
And he was like, "Listen, bud, you got
And he was like, "Listen, bud, you got to get you got to go cool. You got to
to get you got to go cool. You got to
to get you got to go cool. You got to get on my level." I I paint my I paint I
get on my level." I I paint my I paint I
get on my level." I I paint my I paint I The reason I did it is for years I was
The reason I did it is for years I was
The reason I did it is for years I was trying to stop biting my fingernails.
trying to stop biting my fingernails.
trying to stop biting my fingernails. >> Okay, that's reasonable. And so I
>> Okay, that's reasonable. And so I
>> Okay, that's reasonable. And so I thought if I paint them pink and green
thought if I paint them pink and green
thought if I paint them pink and green and all these random colors, then it
and all these random colors, then it
and all these random colors, then it like brings like a conscious attention
like brings like a conscious attention
like brings like a conscious attention to them and if I have attention to them,
to them and if I have attention to them,
to them and if I have attention to them, I'm not going to want to hurt them.
I'm not going to want to hurt them.
I'm not going to want to hurt them. Yeah. Did it work?
Yeah. Did it work?
Yeah. Did it work? >> didn't really work as well.
>> didn't really work as well.
>> didn't really work as well. >> [laughter]
>> [laughter]
>> [laughter] >> But but it did make my kids think I was
>> But but it did make my kids think I was
>> But but it did make my kids think I was like super embarrassing, which
like super embarrassing, which
like super embarrassing, which ultimately that's why I stopped doing it
ultimately that's why I stopped doing it
ultimately that's why I stopped doing it cuz my daughter thought it was cool when
cuz my daughter thought it was cool when
cuz my daughter thought it was cool when she was like four and five and we went
she was like four and five and we went
she was like four and five and we went to get manicures. Now that she's eight,
to get manicures. Now that she's eight,
to get manicures. Now that she's eight, it's like if I painted nails, I'm not
it's like if I painted nails, I'm not
it's like if I painted nails, I'm not invited to any school assemblies.
invited to any school assemblies.
invited to any school assemblies. We're talking about all these incredible
We're talking about all these incredible
We're talking about all these incredible things you do with business and these
things you do with business and these
things you do with business and these big businesses you've started. But there
big businesses you've started. But there
big businesses you've started. But there are a bunch of businesses nobody I don't
are a bunch of businesses nobody I don't
are a bunch of businesses nobody I don't think knows that you started. And so I
think knows that you started. And so I
think knows that you started. And so I want to talk about them in a couple
want to talk about them in a couple
want to talk about them in a couple different ways. One, I want to talk
different ways. One, I want to talk
different ways. One, I want to talk about Easy Laundry, which you were on.
about Easy Laundry, which you were on.
about Easy Laundry, which you were on. >> Great. First business.
>> Great. First business.
>> Great. First business. >> Yeah, tell me about the business. How
>> Yeah, tell me about the business. How
>> Yeah, tell me about the business. How much money did you start it with and
much money did you start it with and
much money did you start it with and what happened? 500 bucks. I broke my
what happened? 500 bucks. I broke my
what happened? 500 bucks. I broke my Well, not broke. I had I had torn my
Well, not broke. I had I had torn my
Well, not broke. I had I had torn my Achilles tendon. Oof. I was a tennis
Achilles tendon. Oof. I was a tennis
Achilles tendon. Oof. I was a tennis player in college. I was on crutches. So
player in college. I was on crutches. So
player in college. I was on crutches. So all of a sudden, I couldn't carry my
all of a sudden, I couldn't carry my
all of a sudden, I couldn't carry my laundry to the laundry facility, which
laundry to the laundry facility, which
laundry to the laundry facility, which is in the bottom of the dormitory. So my
is in the bottom of the dormitory. So my
is in the bottom of the dormitory. So my laundry is piling up. I can't carry them
laundry is piling up. I can't carry them
laundry is piling up. I can't carry them down. My roommates kind of giving me a
down. My roommates kind of giving me a
down. My roommates kind of giving me a hard time. We go home for Thanksgiving.
hard time. We go home for Thanksgiving.
hard time. We go home for Thanksgiving. His dad was an entrepreneur. I didn't
His dad was an entrepreneur. I didn't
His dad was an entrepreneur. I didn't know what the word entrepreneur was at
know what the word entrepreneur was at
know what the word entrepreneur was at this point, right? My dad's a doctor, my
this point, right? My dad's a doctor, my
this point, right? My dad's a doctor, my grandfather's doctor, my uncle's a
grandfather's doctor, my uncle's a
grandfather's doctor, my uncle's a doctor, my aunt's a nurse. Like they're
doctor, my aunt's a nurse. Like they're
doctor, my aunt's a nurse. Like they're my whole family's medical.
my whole family's medical.
my whole family's medical. And his dad, we were talking about the
And his dad, we were talking about the
And his dad, we were talking about the fact that I couldn't do my laundry and
fact that I couldn't do my laundry and
fact that I couldn't do my laundry and he said, "Well, you should just have
he said, "Well, you should just have
he said, "Well, you should just have someone, you know, come and pick it up."
someone, you know, come and pick it up."
someone, you know, come and pick it up." And I was like, "I looked in the yellow
And I was like, "I looked in the yellow
And I was like, "I looked in the yellow pages." And this is how old I am, right?
pages." And this is how old I am, right?
pages." And this is how old I am, right? So I looked in the yellow pages.
So I looked in the yellow pages.
So I looked in the yellow pages. >> Which by the way was a directory of
>> Which by the way was a directory of
>> Which by the way was a directory of listings like the internet back in the
listings like the internet back in the
listings like the internet back in the day. Remember that? For anyone who
day. Remember that? For anyone who
day. Remember that? For anyone who doesn't know what it is, it's basically
doesn't know what it is, it's basically
doesn't know what it is, it's basically imagine if Google was printed.
imagine if Google was printed.
imagine if Google was printed. >> [laughter]
>> [laughter]
>> [laughter] >> But literally
>> But literally
>> But literally >> But local. Local. So anyways, I I told
>> But local. Local. So anyways, I I told
>> But local. Local. So anyways, I I told him I was like, "I looked in the yellow
him I was like, "I looked in the yellow
him I was like, "I looked in the yellow pages. There's no [\h__\h] people to pick
pages. There's no [\h__\h] people to pick
pages. There's no [\h__\h] people to pick up my laundry. No one will do it." He's
up my laundry. No one will do it." He's
up my laundry. No one will do it." He's like, "That sounds like a business
like, "That sounds like a business
like, "That sounds like a business opportunity." I'm like, "A what?" He's
opportunity." I'm like, "A what?" He's
opportunity." I'm like, "A what?" He's like, cuz I'm a jock. I'm just a pure
like, cuz I'm a jock. I'm just a pure
like, cuz I'm a jock. I'm just a pure tennis player. It's all I do. And he's
tennis player. It's all I do. And he's
tennis player. It's all I do. And he's like, "I think maybe you guys should
like, "I think maybe you guys should
like, "I think maybe you guys should start a laundry business." Oh. And I was
start a laundry business." Oh. And I was
start a laundry business." Oh. And I was like He's like, "Yeah, people would
like He's like, "Yeah, people would
like He's like, "Yeah, people would Sure, people would." I went to a school
Sure, people would." I went to a school
Sure, people would." I went to a school SMU in Dallas, a lot of rich kids. And
SMU in Dallas, a lot of rich kids. And
SMU in Dallas, a lot of rich kids. And so he's like, "I think you charge a lot
so he's like, "I think you charge a lot
so he's like, "I think you charge a lot of money for this." Great. So literally,
of money for this." Great. So literally,
of money for this." Great. So literally, we go back, we buy a FedEx truck for
we go back, we buy a FedEx truck for
we go back, we buy a FedEx truck for $500. An old, I mean, like literally
$500. An old, I mean, like literally
$500. An old, I mean, like literally doesn't work. We had to get the engine
doesn't work. We had to get the engine
doesn't work. We had to get the engine replaced. But like the shell of an old
replaced. But like the shell of an old
replaced. But like the shell of an old FedEx truck at like a junkyard, $500. We
FedEx truck at like a junkyard, $500. We
FedEx truck at like a junkyard, $500. We paint on the side E Z Laundry.
paint on the side E Z Laundry.
paint on the side E Z Laundry. Red and blue. And we decide to start
Red and blue. And we decide to start
Red and blue. And we decide to start going around to fraternities and
going around to fraternities and
going around to fraternities and sororities and like pitching our
sororities and like pitching our
sororities and like pitching our services. Now, I've never even done my
services. Now, I've never even done my
services. Now, I've never even done my own laundry. I mean, I grew up very
own laundry. I mean, I grew up very
own laundry. I mean, I grew up very sheltered. My mom was like Miss
sheltered. My mom was like Miss
sheltered. My mom was like Miss Homemaker. So like I'm like now figuring
Homemaker. So like I'm like now figuring
Homemaker. So like I'm like now figuring out how to like hire people to do
out how to like hire people to do
out how to like hire people to do laundry in the middle of the night at
laundry in the middle of the night at
laundry in the middle of the night at these places and we just figured it out.
these places and we just figured it out.
these places and we just figured it out. It's amazing. I was I was like 17, 18
It's amazing. I was I was like 17, 18
It's amazing. I was I was like 17, 18 years old.
years old.
years old. >> How'd you sell it? It sucks doing your
>> How'd you sell it? It sucks doing your
>> How'd you sell it? It sucks doing your laundry. And like and so, you know, if
laundry. And like and so, you know, if
laundry. And like and so, you know, if you pay us this, we'll come pick it up
you pay us this, we'll come pick it up
you pay us this, we'll come pick it up every week. But here's the whole thing
every week. But here's the whole thing
every week. But here's the whole thing and this is such
and this is such
and this is such and I really hope if someone takes from
and I really hope if someone takes from
and I really hope if someone takes from this podcast, this was like such an
this podcast, this was like such an
this podcast, this was like such an incre like one of my first most
incre like one of my first most
incre like one of my first most important lessons of marketing. So we
important lessons of marketing. So we
important lessons of marketing. So we had this great service for, you know, I
had this great service for, you know, I
had this great service for, you know, I don't know how much it was. Like say 20
don't know how much it was. Like say 20
don't know how much it was. Like say 20 bucks a week, we'll do all your laundry
bucks a week, we'll do all your laundry
bucks a week, we'll do all your laundry for you, okay?
for you, okay?
for you, okay? No one signs up.
No one signs up.
No one signs up. I mean, I don't think we had one
I mean, I don't think we had one
I mean, I don't think we had one customer. We went to fraternities,
customer. We went to fraternities,
customer. We went to fraternities, sororities. First off, the sororities
sororities. First off, the sororities
sororities. First off, the sororities are like, "We're not giving you our
are like, "We're not giving you our
are like, "We're not giving you our panties, Blake." Like this is the last
panties, Blake." Like this is the last
panties, Blake." Like this is the last thing you could do. I mean, they all
thing you could do. I mean, they all
thing you could do. I mean, they all knew me.
knew me.
knew me. >> like, "Not this boy." They're like
>> like, "Not this boy." They're like
>> like, "Not this boy." They're like exactly, not this boy. You know? But so
exactly, not this boy. You know? But so
exactly, not this boy. You know? But so the sororities are like, "This is just
the sororities are like, "This is just
the sororities are like, "This is just no way." And then the guys are like,
no way." And then the guys are like,
no way." And then the guys are like, "What are you doing? Like why why are
"What are you doing? Like why why are
"What are you doing? Like why why are you playing golf or goofing around
you playing golf or goofing around
you playing golf or goofing around drinking beer? Like you're doing
drinking beer? Like you're doing
drinking beer? Like you're doing people's laundry?" Like I mean, just the
people's laundry?" Like I mean, just the
people's laundry?" Like I mean, just the kids the kids who needed it didn't
kids the kids who needed it didn't
kids the kids who needed it didn't weren't the customers.
weren't the customers.
weren't the customers. But who was the customer? Their parents.
But who was the customer? Their parents.
But who was the customer? Their parents. And the parents who were the most the
And the parents who were the most the
And the parents who were the most the customer was the incoming freshman. So
customer was the incoming freshman. So
customer was the incoming freshman. So we sold no laundry services for a
we sold no laundry services for a
we sold no laundry services for a semester. We go home in summer. We're
semester. We go home in summer. We're
semester. We go home in summer. We're thinking about basically quitting. It's
thinking about basically quitting. It's
thinking about basically quitting. It's just not working. And then we get a
just not working. And then we get a
just not working. And then we get a booth at orientation for the next year.
booth at orientation for the next year.
booth at orientation for the next year. In three days, we sold $100,000
In three days, we sold $100,000
In three days, we sold $100,000 worth of laundry services.
worth of laundry services.
worth of laundry services. Because the parents assumed when they
Because the parents assumed when they
Because the parents assumed when they got there, you buy the books, you sign
got there, you buy the books, you sign
got there, you buy the books, you sign up for the laundry, you get the meal
up for the laundry, you get the meal
up for the laundry, you get the meal plan. Boom! Everyone signed up. They
plan. Boom! Everyone signed up. They
plan. Boom! Everyone signed up. They didn't question the price.
didn't question the price.
didn't question the price. It was nuts. I dropped out of college
It was nuts. I dropped out of college
It was nuts. I dropped out of college and never went back because of this
and never went back because of this
and never went back because of this moment in my life. Because of laundry.
moment in my life. Because of laundry.
moment in my life. Because of laundry. Yeah, I literally it was the craziest
Yeah, I literally it was the craziest
Yeah, I literally it was the craziest [\h__\h] thing. Like literally we just
[\h__\h] thing. Like literally we just
[\h__\h] thing. Like literally we just were in the we just had the right pitch
were in the we just had the right pitch
were in the we just had the right pitch to the right customer. So sometimes you
to the right customer. So sometimes you
to the right customer. So sometimes you have the best idea,
have the best idea,
have the best idea, you're just selling the wrong person.
you're just selling the wrong person.
you're just selling the wrong person. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. >> And it wasn't the kids. Even though the
>> And it wasn't the kids. Even though the
>> And it wasn't the kids. Even though the kids are the ones who are benefiting
kids are the ones who are benefiting
kids are the ones who are benefiting for I don't know why. They weren't the
for I don't know why. They weren't the
for I don't know why. They weren't the ones that were thinking they want to
ones that were thinking they want to
ones that were thinking they want to spend $20 on it when they only have so
spend $20 on it when they only have so
spend $20 on it when they only have so much money for beer or whatever. But
much money for beer or whatever. But
much money for beer or whatever. But their parents who are thinking my kid is
their parents who are thinking my kid is
their parents who are thinking my kid is maybe never done their own laundry or if
maybe never done their own laundry or if
maybe never done their own laundry or if they have, they don't do a great job.
they have, they don't do a great job.
they have, they don't do a great job. And I just bought the books for,
And I just bought the books for,
And I just bought the books for, you know, $900. Might as well spend $500
you know, $900. Might as well spend $500
you know, $900. Might as well spend $500 a semester to make sure they don't ruin
a semester to make sure they don't ruin
a semester to make sure they don't ruin their clothes. And boom! $100,000 in
their clothes. And boom! $100,000 in
their clothes. And boom! $100,000 in sales, three days. Next day I call my
sales, three days. Next day I call my
sales, three days. Next day I call my dad, drop out of college, never go back.
dad, drop out of college, never go back.
dad, drop out of college, never go back. That's so smart. What's true because
That's so smart. What's true because
That's so smart. What's true because these days I feel like people
these days I feel like people
these days I feel like people overcomplicate marketing so much.
overcomplicate marketing so much.
overcomplicate marketing so much. >> Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. >> like the demographic, the avatar, the
>> like the demographic, the avatar, the
>> like the demographic, the avatar, the analysis.
analysis.
analysis. >> hate marketing. Right.
>> hate marketing. Right.
>> hate marketing. Right. >> People hate when I say that, too. I I
>> People hate when I say that, too. I I
>> People hate when I say that, too. I I just I just made some real enemies
just I just made some real enemies
just I just made some real enemies already. I know.
already. I know.
already. I know. I put this on I put this on Instagram
I put this on I put this on Instagram
I put this on I put this on Instagram the other day and like four people that
the other day and like four people that
the other day and like four people that work for me in marketing at TOMS reached
work for me in marketing at TOMS reached
work for me in marketing at TOMS reached out to me like, "Really?"
out to me like, "Really?"
out to me like, "Really?" >> [laughter]
>> [laughter]
>> [laughter] >> "Really?" Like I hate you and I want to
>> "Really?" Like I hate you and I want to
>> "Really?" Like I hate you and I want to >> I helped you build a $600 billion
>> I helped you build a $600 billion
>> I helped you build a $600 billion kill you.
kill you.
kill you. million dollar business, you hate
million dollar business, you hate
million dollar business, you hate marketing? Come on. But it's true
marketing? Come on. But it's true
marketing? Come on. But it's true because it's
because it's
because it's >> just don't like the the formal concept
>> just don't like the the formal concept
>> just don't like the the formal concept of marketing. I think when you're trying
of marketing. I think when you're trying
of marketing. I think when you're trying to like concoct a way to convince or
to like concoct a way to convince or
to like concoct a way to convince or manipulate someone to buy something,
manipulate someone to buy something,
manipulate someone to buy something, it's just it's just not what I what I'm
it's just it's just not what I what I'm
it's just it's just not what I what I'm about. Like it's like no, like we were
about. Like it's like no, like we were
about. Like it's like no, like we were giving something great. We just once
giving something great. We just once
giving something great. We just once again, right place, right time, right?
again, right place, right time, right?
again, right place, right time, right? Goes back to the chair. Like the chair,
Goes back to the chair. Like the chair,
Goes back to the chair. Like the chair, if we get the right people to sit in it
if we get the right people to sit in it
if we get the right people to sit in it in an environment where a lot of people
in an environment where a lot of people
in an environment where a lot of people see their amazing kind of remarkable
see their amazing kind of remarkable
see their amazing kind of remarkable experience, it'll spread like wildfire.
experience, it'll spread like wildfire.
experience, it'll spread like wildfire. What do you call that? Like have you
What do you call that? Like have you
What do you call that? Like have you named that? Is that like trigger point
named that? Is that like trigger point
named that? Is that like trigger point marketing? Is it like
marketing? Is it like
marketing? Is it like cuz I think that's a really useful
cuz I think that's a really useful
cuz I think that's a really useful framework for people to think as opposed
framework for people to think as opposed
framework for people to think as opposed to, you know, "Oh, I spend X percentage
to, you know, "Oh, I spend X percentage
to, you know, "Oh, I spend X percentage of my revenue on PPC with Zuckerberg."
of my revenue on PPC with Zuckerberg."
of my revenue on PPC with Zuckerberg." You know?
You know?
You know? I think it's like showing the utility. I
I think it's like showing the utility. I
I think it's like showing the utility. I mean, even with the Enough bracelet,
mean, even with the Enough bracelet,
mean, even with the Enough bracelet, what's been really fun
what's been really fun
what's been really fun is, and I know I keep referencing it,
is, and I know I keep referencing it,
is, and I know I keep referencing it, and eventually we'll have to talk about
and eventually we'll have to talk about
and eventually we'll have to talk about it, but
it, but
it, but but but the thing is is like it's really
but but the thing is is like it's really
but but the thing is is like it's really about the utility of like So, it's it's
about the utility of like So, it's it's
about the utility of like So, it's it's not even the fashion of it, or it's not
not even the fashion of it, or it's not
not even the fashion of it, or it's not even like that we'll raise a bunch of
even like that we'll raise a bunch of
even like that we'll raise a bunch of money for mental health charities. It's
money for mental health charities. It's
money for mental health charities. It's like, what does this actually do for
like, what does this actually do for
like, what does this actually do for someone? And so, yeah, so anyway, so
someone? And so, yeah, so anyway, so
someone? And so, yeah, so anyway, so I've just launched this,
I've just launched this,
I've just launched this, um and it came from my own my own
um and it came from my own my own
um and it came from my own my own journey. After I sold TOMS, I got super
journey. After I sold TOMS, I got super
journey. After I sold TOMS, I got super depressed. And you actually even before
depressed. And you actually even before
depressed. And you actually even before I sold TOMS, I started to get depressed,
I sold TOMS, I started to get depressed,
I sold TOMS, I started to get depressed, but it got much worse when I sold it cuz
but it got much worse when I sold it cuz
but it got much worse when I sold it cuz I thought, "Okay, once I sold it, I have
I thought, "Okay, once I sold it, I have
I thought, "Okay, once I sold it, I have all this money, all this freedom. I can
all this money, all this freedom. I can
all this money, all this freedom. I can live in the mountains. I'm going to be
live in the mountains. I'm going to be
live in the mountains. I'm going to be so happy." And then I wasn't. And then I
so happy." And then I wasn't. And then I
so happy." And then I wasn't. And then I was like, "Oh, [\h__\h] Now what I do?
was like, "Oh, [\h__\h] Now what I do?
was like, "Oh, [\h__\h] Now what I do? Like, I built like what I think is the
Like, I built like what I think is the
Like, I built like what I think is the perfect company. I gave 100 million
perfect company. I gave 100 million
perfect company. I gave 100 million children shoes. Like, you know, I made
children shoes. Like, you know, I made
children shoes. Like, you know, I made more money than I ever could imagine."
more money than I ever could imagine."
more money than I ever could imagine." >> You're friends with all the celebrities.
>> You're friends with all the celebrities.
>> You're friends with all the celebrities. >> Everyone is, you know, every single
>> Everyone is, you know, every single
>> Everyone is, you know, every single thing. I mean, covers of every magazine
thing. I mean, covers of every magazine
thing. I mean, covers of every magazine for a while. Like, and
for a while. Like, and
for a while. Like, and I felt empty. And I felt like I didn't
I felt empty. And I felt like I didn't
I felt empty. And I felt like I didn't really like know like what the second
really like know like what the second
really like know like what the second half of my life would be like, and
half of my life would be like, and
half of my life would be like, and the depression got worse and worse over
the depression got worse and worse over
the depression got worse and worse over 7 years as we talked about. It got
7 years as we talked about. It got
7 years as we talked about. It got really, really bad a couple years ago.
really, really bad a couple years ago.
really, really bad a couple years ago. And in part of my healing journey, my
And in part of my healing journey, my
And in part of my healing journey, my therapist really helped me see that
therapist really helped me see that
therapist really helped me see that underneath all of it was this fear, this
underneath all of it was this fear, this
underneath all of it was this fear, this this belief that I'm not enough. And it
this belief that I'm not enough. And it
this belief that I'm not enough. And it started when I was young, and I tried to
started when I was young, and I tried to
started when I was young, and I tried to feel enough by winning tennis matches,
feel enough by winning tennis matches,
feel enough by winning tennis matches, then I tried to feel enough by starting
then I tried to feel enough by starting
then I tried to feel enough by starting businesses, then starting a business
businesses, then starting a business
businesses, then starting a business that would help people, but no matter
that would help people, but no matter
that would help people, but no matter what I did, no matter how much success I
what I did, no matter how much success I
what I did, no matter how much success I had, I just never felt that I was
had, I just never felt that I was
had, I just never felt that I was enough. And then after I did everything
enough. And then after I did everything
enough. And then after I did everything that the world tells you will make you
that the world tells you will make you
that the world tells you will make you feel enough, and I still didn't feel
feel enough, and I still didn't feel
feel enough, and I still didn't feel enough, that's when the depression
enough, that's when the depression
enough, that's when the depression because it was like I didn't know where
because it was like I didn't know where
because it was like I didn't know where else to turn, which ultimately forced me
else to turn, which ultimately forced me
else to turn, which ultimately forced me to go inward and learn me and help me
to go inward and learn me and help me
to go inward and learn me and help me really realize and heal this idea that
really realize and heal this idea that
really realize and heal this idea that I'm enough, you're enough, we're all
I'm enough, you're enough, we're all
I'm enough, you're enough, we're all enough. But our culture
enough. But our culture
enough. But our culture lies to us all the time and tells us
lies to us all the time and tells us
lies to us all the time and tells us we're not enough. And if in social media
we're not enough. And if in social media
we're not enough. And if in social media is great at showing you and making you
is great at showing you and making you
is great at showing you and making you feel comparison to everyone else and
feel comparison to everyone else and
feel comparison to everyone else and stuff how you're not enough. And so, I
stuff how you're not enough. And so, I
stuff how you're not enough. And so, I decided after I started feeling better
decided after I started feeling better
decided after I started feeling better at about a year ago that I want to help
at about a year ago that I want to help
at about a year ago that I want to help people feel enough, and my best friend
people feel enough, and my best friend
people feel enough, and my best friend told me to make a bracelet cuz he's
told me to make a bracelet cuz he's
told me to make a bracelet cuz he's like, like, I have all these tattoos,
like, like, I have all these tattoos,
like, like, I have all these tattoos, right? So, they all have these different
right? So, they all have these different
right? So, they all have these different sayings. Like, one says, "Be present."
sayings. Like, one says, "Be present."
sayings. Like, one says, "Be present." One says, "Do the work, speak the truth,
One says, "Do the work, speak the truth,
One says, "Do the work, speak the truth, enjoy the ride, carpe diem." And so,
enjoy the ride, carpe diem." And so,
enjoy the ride, carpe diem." And so, he's like, "Instead of getting an I'm
he's like, "Instead of getting an I'm
he's like, "Instead of getting an I'm enough tattoo, which I can see that's
enough tattoo, which I can see that's
enough tattoo, which I can see that's what you're going to getting ready to
what you're going to getting ready to
what you're going to getting ready to do."
do."
do." He's like, "Most people aren't going to
He's like, "Most people aren't going to
He's like, "Most people aren't going to get that tattoo. So, why don't you
get that tattoo. So, why don't you
get that tattoo. So, why don't you create something that everyone can
create something that everyone can
create something that everyone can participate in? And And you like
participate in? And And you like
participate in? And And you like bracelets, why don't you make a
bracelets, why don't you make a
bracelets, why don't you make a bracelet?" So,
bracelet?" So,
bracelet?" So, went to India, got these bracelets are
went to India, got these bracelets are
went to India, got these bracelets are handmade by women in India, and the idea
handmade by women in India, and the idea
handmade by women in India, and the idea is it's just a daily reminder just to
is it's just a daily reminder just to
is it's just a daily reminder just to look down and kind of be like, "I don't
look down and kind of be like, "I don't
look down and kind of be like, "I don't know. I'm always enough. I've always
know. I'm always enough. I've always
know. I'm always enough. I've always been enough." And like, [\h__\h] everyone
been enough." And like, [\h__\h] everyone
been enough." And like, [\h__\h] everyone that tells me that I'm not enough. You
that tells me that I'm not enough. You
that tells me that I'm not enough. You know, cuz so much of that pressure is
know, cuz so much of that pressure is
know, cuz so much of that pressure is coming from all around us. And when you
coming from all around us. And when you
coming from all around us. And when you feel enough, you have so much peace
feel enough, you have so much peace
feel enough, you have so much peace because then you can actually just be,
because then you can actually just be,
because then you can actually just be, and you can be present, and you can be
and you can be present, and you can be
and you can be present, and you can be connected. And so, the utility of this
connected. And so, the utility of this
connected. And so, the utility of this for me is, you know, that it helps
for me is, you know, that it helps
for me is, you know, that it helps remind me, but the utility of this for
remind me, but the utility of this for
remind me, but the utility of this for someone else could be different. So, for
someone else could be different. So, for
someone else could be different. So, for instance, we 100% of the profits from
instance, we 100% of the profits from
instance, we 100% of the profits from Enough goes to mental health
Enough goes to mental health
Enough goes to mental health organizations. So, a lot of people I
organizations. So, a lot of people I
organizations. So, a lot of people I know that are wearing the bracelet now
know that are wearing the bracelet now
know that are wearing the bracelet now are wearing it cuz just they want to
are wearing it cuz just they want to
are wearing it cuz just they want to raise money for mental health. The same
raise money for mental health. The same
raise money for mental health. The same way like the Livestrong bracelet raised
way like the Livestrong bracelet raised
way like the Livestrong bracelet raised money for cancer, right? They're like,
money for cancer, right? They're like,
money for cancer, right? They're like, "No, I I know someone that struggled.
"No, I I know someone that struggled.
"No, I I know someone that struggled. Maybe they lost someone to suicide." You
Maybe they lost someone to suicide." You
Maybe they lost someone to suicide." You know, I mean, and they're like, "I'm
know, I mean, and they're like, "I'm
know, I mean, and they're like, "I'm going to wear this in honor of them or
going to wear this in honor of them or
going to wear this in honor of them or to raise money." And And that's why they
to raise money." And And that's why they
to raise money." And And that's why they wear it. But it's we're giving the
wear it. But it's we're giving the
wear it. But it's we're giving the utility. And so, you know, yes, I talk
utility. And so, you know, yes, I talk
utility. And so, you know, yes, I talk to my story and I and I share other
to my story and I and I share other
to my story and I and I share other people's Enough stories, but also I show
people's Enough stories, but also I show
people's Enough stories, but also I show that like there's utility to this. And
that like there's utility to this. And
that like there's utility to this. And then the other thing, which at the end
then the other thing, which at the end
then the other thing, which at the end I'm going to give you one, is you have
I'm going to give you one, is you have
I'm going to give you one, is you have I'll show you right now, a little
I'll show you right now, a little
I'll show you right now, a little teaser, is we only sell them in pairs.
teaser, is we only sell them in pairs.
teaser, is we only sell them in pairs. So, when you buy one for yourself or
So, when you buy one for yourself or
So, when you buy one for yourself or you're given one, you get to wear the
you're given one, you get to wear the
you're given one, you get to wear the first one, but then you get to think,
first one, but then you get to think,
first one, but then you get to think, "Who do you want Who in your life do you
"Who do you want Who in your life do you
"Who do you want Who in your life do you want to give the second one to?" And so,
want to give the second one to?" And so,
want to give the second one to?" And so, that's utility. So, in terms of this, I
that's utility. So, in terms of this, I
that's utility. So, in terms of this, I would call it utility marketing. Like, I
would call it utility marketing. Like, I
would call it utility marketing. Like, I really think that's the thing is like,
really think that's the thing is like,
really think that's the thing is like, "What utility does the Enough bracelet
"What utility does the Enough bracelet
"What utility does the Enough bracelet do for people besides raise money for
do for people besides raise money for
do for people besides raise money for charity? What utility does the Pivot
charity? What utility does the Pivot
charity? What utility does the Pivot chair do for someone who's sitting all
chair do for someone who's sitting all
chair do for someone who's sitting all day, who might have back pain, and who
day, who might have back pain, and who
day, who might have back pain, and who wants to live a more active life?" What
wants to live a more active life?" What
wants to live a more active life?" What utility did the laundry business do for
utility did the laundry business do for
utility did the laundry business do for those parents? The utility wasn't even
those parents? The utility wasn't even
those parents? The utility wasn't even the clean clothes. Utility was the peace
the clean clothes. Utility was the peace
the clean clothes. Utility was the peace of mind we gave them. And it's so true.
of mind we gave them. And it's so true.
of mind we gave them. And it's so true. So, think about utility. Speaking of
So, think about utility. Speaking of
So, think about utility. Speaking of insane marketing ideas, did I ever tell
insane marketing ideas, did I ever tell
insane marketing ideas, did I ever tell you one of my favorites? I actually
you one of my favorites? I actually
you one of my favorites? I actually started my entire business with a
started my entire business with a
started my entire business with a newsletter. Literally sending emails
newsletter. Literally sending emails
newsletter. Literally sending emails built my entire business from zero to
built my entire business from zero to
built my entire business from zero to nine figures in four years, which is
nine figures in four years, which is
nine figures in four years, which is wild. So, if I could recommend you one
wild. So, if I could recommend you one
wild. So, if I could recommend you one thing, it would be to start a
thing, it would be to start a
thing, it would be to start a newsletter. Write about anything in the
newsletter. Write about anything in the
newsletter. Write about anything in the world that you're curious about, your
world that you're curious about, your
world that you're curious about, your business, your customers, your ideas.
business, your customers, your ideas.
business, your customers, your ideas. And my friend Tim Ferriss is on Beehiiv,
And my friend Tim Ferriss is on Beehiiv,
And my friend Tim Ferriss is on Beehiiv, and he writes an email each Friday
and he writes an email each Friday
and he writes an email each Friday literally only about his five favorite
literally only about his five favorite
literally only about his five favorite things. I actually switched all of my
things. I actually switched all of my
things. I actually switched all of my newsletters to Beehiiv because I wanted
newsletters to Beehiiv because I wanted
newsletters to Beehiiv because I wanted to grow, and so they helped me see where
to grow, and so they helped me see where
to grow, and so they helped me see where my audience come from, who reads, how to
my audience come from, who reads, how to
my audience come from, who reads, how to send stupid simple but like beautiful
send stupid simple but like beautiful
send stupid simple but like beautiful emails, and then the growth tools are
emails, and then the growth tools are
emails, and then the growth tools are all totally built in, which works for
all totally built in, which works for
all totally built in, which works for me. So, it recommends my newsletter in
me. So, it recommends my newsletter in
me. So, it recommends my newsletter in front of other people's audiences. So,
front of other people's audiences. So,
front of other people's audiences. So, I'm finding readers I never even would
I'm finding readers I never even would
I'm finding readers I never even would have reached. Now, I'm obsessed with
have reached. Now, I'm obsessed with
have reached. Now, I'm obsessed with this team. The founder Tyler is
this team. The founder Tyler is
this team. The founder Tyler is literally the most relentless,
literally the most relentless,
literally the most relentless, mission-driven founder.
mission-driven founder.
mission-driven founder. Just like Blake, actually. He He's the
Just like Blake, actually. He He's the
Just like Blake, actually. He He's the most relentless one I've ever worked
most relentless one I've ever worked
most relentless one I've ever worked with. Uh it's fascinating to watch their
with. Uh it's fascinating to watch their
with. Uh it's fascinating to watch their team. They ship product and features and
team. They ship product and features and
team. They ship product and features and solve every issue that I have come up.
solve every issue that I have come up.
solve every issue that I have come up. In fact, these little wizards just spun
In fact, these little wizards just spun
In fact, these little wizards just spun up a new landing page for me in two days
up a new landing page for me in two days
up a new landing page for me in two days because my other one was terrible. So,
because my other one was terrible. So,
because my other one was terrible. So, if you want to share your ideas with the
if you want to share your ideas with the
if you want to share your ideas with the world and make money on it, go to
world and make money on it, go to
world and make money on it, go to beehive.com/cody
beehive.com/cody
beehive.com/cody and use code cody30. You'll get 30% off
and use code cody30. You'll get 30% off
and use code cody30. You'll get 30% off 3 months. That's beehive.com/cody
3 months. That's beehive.com/cody
3 months. That's beehive.com/cody for code cody30. Also, drop your
for code cody30. Also, drop your
for code cody30. Also, drop your newsletters on Beehiiv when you start
newsletters on Beehiiv when you start
newsletters on Beehiiv when you start them in the comments. I want to see what
them in the comments. I want to see what
them in the comments. I want to see what you guys are writing. I'm looking for
you guys are writing. I'm looking for
you guys are writing. I'm looking for new ideas and brilliant people, and I'm
new ideas and brilliant people, and I'm
new ideas and brilliant people, and I'm hoping more people like you get into
hoping more people like you get into
hoping more people like you get into this game of newsletters because it very
this game of newsletters because it very
this game of newsletters because it very simply changed my entire life. Again,
simply changed my entire life. Again,
simply changed my entire life. Again, that's Beehiiv with two E's, two I's, no
that's Beehiiv with two E's, two I's, no
that's Beehiiv with two E's, two I's, no third E. What You guys will figure this
third E. What You guys will figure this
third E. What You guys will figure this out. You know you'll remember Beehiiv,
out. You know you'll remember Beehiiv,
out. You know you'll remember Beehiiv, won't you?
won't you?
won't you? You know what we should do? If
You know what we should do? If
You know what we should do? If somebody's listening right now and you
somebody's listening right now and you
somebody's listening right now and you have your business, but you don't have
have your business, but you don't have
have your business, but you don't have your utility marketing,
your utility marketing,
your utility marketing, >> Yeah. why don't you comment for us? And
>> Yeah. why don't you comment for us? And
>> Yeah. why don't you comment for us? And I'll pick one and send it to you.
I'll pick one and send it to you.
I'll pick one and send it to you. >> Deal. And then we can give them a
>> Deal. And then we can give them a
>> Deal. And then we can give them a response. Oh, that'd be sick. I love
response. Oh, that'd be sick. I love
response. Oh, that'd be sick. I love making videos. Okay.
making videos. Okay.
making videos. Okay. >> Tell my team all the time. It's like,
>> Tell my team all the time. It's like,
>> Tell my team all the time. It's like, you want to get a hold of someone, just
you want to get a hold of someone, just
you want to get a hold of someone, just let me make a video. Like, the other
let me make a video. Like, the other
let me make a video. Like, the other day, it's so funny, our PR person was
day, it's so funny, our PR person was
day, it's so funny, our PR person was trying when we were launching Enough,
trying when we were launching Enough,
trying when we were launching Enough, you know, he was like, um he was like
you know, he was like, um he was like
you know, he was like, um he was like talking about how everyone to launch it.
talking about how everyone to launch it.
talking about how everyone to launch it. And then Gayle King came up. And I was
And then Gayle King came up. And I was
And then Gayle King came up. And I was like, "I was on the CBS show with Gayle
like, "I was on the CBS show with Gayle
like, "I was on the CBS show with Gayle King like a decade ago. Let me just make
King like a decade ago. Let me just make
King like a decade ago. Let me just make a video." He's like, I don't know. I'm
a video." He's like, I don't know. I'm
a video." He's like, I don't know. I'm like, "Trust me."
like, "Trust me."
like, "Trust me." "Hey Gayle, it's Blake. 10 years ago,
"Hey Gayle, it's Blake. 10 years ago,
"Hey Gayle, it's Blake. 10 years ago, you helped me launch TOMS. I'm launching
you helped me launch TOMS. I'm launching
you helped me launch TOMS. I'm launching Enough. I would love to come on the
Enough. I would love to come on the
Enough. I would love to come on the show. What do you think?" Sure enough,
show. What do you think?" Sure enough,
show. What do you think?" Sure enough, we launched it with Gayle King. Like,
we launched it with Gayle King. Like,
we launched it with Gayle King. Like, sometimes the simplest thing is just
sometimes the simplest thing is just
sometimes the simplest thing is just like just make the video, you know? You
like just make the video, you know? You
like just make the video, you know? You know, ask the person to buy it. Like, I
know, ask the person to buy it. Like, I
know, ask the person to buy it. Like, I mean, just like it's simple things.
mean, just like it's simple things.
mean, just like it's simple things. Yeah, I mean, we definitely don't ask
Yeah, I mean, we definitely don't ask
Yeah, I mean, we definitely don't ask enough. That is for sure. And I think
enough. That is for sure. And I think
enough. That is for sure. And I think >> I say something to that?
>> I say something to that?
>> I say something to that? >> I would love that.
>> I would love that.
>> I would love that. >> No, because this is something that I
>> No, because this is something that I
>> No, because this is something that I feel so grateful for in my life right
feel so grateful for in my life right
feel so grateful for in my life right now. So, when I was building TOMS, you
now. So, when I was building TOMS, you
now. So, when I was building TOMS, you talked about celebrities involved. We
talked about celebrities involved. We
talked about celebrities involved. We had a lot of celebrities. A lot of
had a lot of celebrities. A lot of
had a lot of celebrities. A lot of people supporting TOMS.
people supporting TOMS.
people supporting TOMS. But I felt so much pressure whenever I
But I felt so much pressure whenever I
But I felt so much pressure whenever I would go to a meeting or pitch someone
would go to a meeting or pitch someone
would go to a meeting or pitch someone like, "Will you wear our shoes?" or
like, "Will you wear our shoes?" or
like, "Will you wear our shoes?" or whatever, because my personal identity
whatever, because my personal identity
whatever, because my personal identity was tied to whether they said yes or no.
was tied to whether they said yes or no.
was tied to whether they said yes or no. So, every rejection, which you're going
So, every rejection, which you're going
So, every rejection, which you're going to get a lot of rejections as an
to get a lot of rejections as an
to get a lot of rejections as an entrepreneur, was like personally
entrepreneur, was like personally
entrepreneur, was like personally painful. So, it caused me stress,
painful. So, it caused me stress,
painful. So, it caused me stress, anxiety, all these things. Now, because
anxiety, all these things. Now, because
anxiety, all these things. Now, because I really do feel I'm enough, whether you
I really do feel I'm enough, whether you
I really do feel I'm enough, whether you like the bracelet, whether they like the
like the bracelet, whether they like the
like the bracelet, whether they like the bracelet, whether anyone likes the
bracelet, whether anyone likes the
bracelet, whether anyone likes the bracelet, I know that there's someone
bracelet, I know that there's someone
bracelet, I know that there's someone that this is really going to reach and
that this is really going to reach and
that this is really going to reach and is going to touch them, that now I have
is going to touch them, that now I have
is going to touch them, that now I have no problem asking anyone anything
no problem asking anyone anything
no problem asking anyone anything because if they say no, it's no big
because if they say no, it's no big
because if they say no, it's no big deal. Cuz it's not my personal identity
deal. Cuz it's not my personal identity
deal. Cuz it's not my personal identity is whether they like it or they say yes
is whether they like it or they say yes
is whether they like it or they say yes or whatever. And so, that's coming
or whatever. And so, that's coming
or whatever. And so, that's coming That's been so fun for me. Because now
That's been so fun for me. Because now
That's been so fun for me. Because now as I'm going out to different, you know,
as I'm going out to different, you know,
as I'm going out to different, you know, Kid Cudi is one of my partners. I cold
Kid Cudi is one of my partners. I cold
Kid Cudi is one of my partners. I cold called him. No big deal. That's wild.
called him. No big deal. That's wild.
called him. No big deal. That's wild. >> cold called him. You know, I mean,
>> cold called him. You know, I mean,
>> cold called him. You know, I mean, literally, I, you know, had a friend
literally, I, you know, had a friend
literally, I, you know, had a friend that knew his manager, and I had read
that knew his manager, and I had read
that knew his manager, and I had read about how his he had really struggled
about how his he had really struggled
about how his he had really struggled with mental health and had suicidal
with mental health and had suicidal
with mental health and had suicidal ideation, like a lot of the same [\h__\h]
ideation, like a lot of the same [\h__\h]
ideation, like a lot of the same [\h__\h] that I went through, and he just seemed
that I went through, and he just seemed
that I went through, and he just seemed like a real like genuine guy. And so, I
like a real like genuine guy. And so, I
like a real like genuine guy. And so, I talked to her, and she's like, "I can
talked to her, and she's like, "I can
talked to her, and she's like, "I can get it in front of him." She got it in
get it in front of him." She got it in
get it in front of him." She got it in front of him. A day later, he's like,
front of him. A day later, he's like,
front of him. A day later, he's like, "Hey, can I do a Zoom with Blake?" All
"Hey, can I do a Zoom with Blake?" All
"Hey, can I do a Zoom with Blake?" All of a sudden, Zooming with Kid Cudi. And
of a sudden, Zooming with Kid Cudi. And
of a sudden, Zooming with Kid Cudi. And then a week later, he's one of our
then a week later, he's one of our
then a week later, he's one of our founding partners of Enough. Yeah,
founding partners of Enough. Yeah,
founding partners of Enough. Yeah, that's wild.
that's wild.
that's wild. >> But if he would have said no, I wouldn't
>> But if he would have said no, I wouldn't
>> But if he would have said no, I wouldn't even thought 10 seconds about it. I
even thought 10 seconds about it. I
even thought 10 seconds about it. I would have been onto the next. You know
would have been onto the next. You know
would have been onto the next. You know what else is cool? I don't think I mean,
what else is cool? I don't think I mean,
what else is cool? I don't think I mean, I just learned this. You You can go to
I just learned this. You You can go to
I just learned this. You You can go to IMDb, sign up for their premium thing,
IMDb, sign up for their premium thing,
IMDb, sign up for their premium thing, and see every single agent's every
and see every single agent's every
and see every single agent's every single famous person's agent.
single famous person's agent.
single famous person's agent. >> Yeah, they're going to hate this.
>> Yeah, they're going to hate this.
>> Yeah, they're going to hate this. They're going to hate this. Yeah,
They're going to hate this. Yeah,
They're going to hate this. Yeah, they're going to like delete this part.
they're going to like delete this part.
they're going to like delete this part. Yeah, whatever. That's your job. That's
Yeah, whatever. That's your job. That's
Yeah, whatever. That's your job. That's why you get paid the 10 to 20%. Deal
why you get paid the 10 to 20%. Deal
why you get paid the 10 to 20%. Deal with it.
with it.
with it. >> Exactly. Um but I I think the the cool
>> Exactly. Um but I I think the the cool
>> Exactly. Um but I I think the the cool part is, and what I hope people take
part is, and what I hope people take
part is, and what I hope people take away, is that even though you've had
away, is that even though you've had
away, is that even though you've had this huge career and you've built all
this huge career and you've built all
this huge career and you've built all these big businesses, these are actually
these big businesses, these are actually
these big businesses, these are actually little micro things that anybody in the
little micro things that anybody in the
little micro things that anybody in the world could do. Cuz I mean, how many
world could do. Cuz I mean, how many
world could do. Cuz I mean, how many times do you think you've been rejected?
times do you think you've been rejected?
times do you think you've been rejected? Like, in your life? Just with Enough.
Like, in your life? Just with Enough.
Like, in your life? Just with Enough. I'm not going to put some celebrities
I'm not going to put some celebrities
I'm not going to put some celebrities and athletes on air
and athletes on air
and athletes on air or their agents, but like,
or their agents, but like,
or their agents, but like, you can think of any mental health any
you can think of any mental health any
you can think of any mental health any any celebrity that has had a mental
any celebrity that has had a mental
any celebrity that has had a mental health challenge that has talked
health challenge that has talked
health challenge that has talked publicly about it. Or any Olympic
publicly about it. Or any Olympic
publicly about it. Or any Olympic athlete that has a huge platform about
athlete that has a huge platform about
athlete that has a huge platform about mental health. I have cold called every
mental health. I have cold called every
mental health. I have cold called every single one of them now, and I only have
single one of them now, and I only have
single one of them now, and I only have six founding partners. There's hundreds
six founding partners. There's hundreds
six founding partners. There's hundreds of them. So, that means that there I'm
of them. So, that means that there I'm
of them. So, that means that there I'm I'm still waiting to hear back from
I'm still waiting to hear back from
I'm still waiting to hear back from agents of hundreds of these people who
agents of hundreds of these people who
agents of hundreds of these people who say mental health is the most important
say mental health is the most important
say mental health is the most important thing in their life and I'm saying you
thing in their life and I'm saying you
thing in their life and I'm saying you can help us raise tens of millions of
can help us raise tens of millions of
can help us raise tens of millions of dollars by just wearing the damn
dollars by just wearing the damn
dollars by just wearing the damn bracelet. Nothing. You want to call one
bracelet. Nothing. You want to call one
bracelet. Nothing. You want to call one of them out publicly?
>> [laughter]
>> [laughter] >> That is Yeah, but that's the game.
>> That is Yeah, but that's the game.
>> That is Yeah, but that's the game. >> Yeah. So I think
>> Yeah. So I think
>> Yeah. So I think >> You know what I'd like to do? I want to
>> You know what I'd like to do? I want to
>> You know what I'd like to do? I want to give you a list and in the show notes,
give you a list and in the show notes,
give you a list and in the show notes, cuz I don't want to call them out, but
cuz I don't want to call them out, but
cuz I don't want to call them out, but I'm going to say this is my top dream 30
I'm going to say this is my top dream 30
I'm going to say this is my top dream 30 people to be ambassadors of enough. So
people to be ambassadors of enough. So
people to be ambassadors of enough. So if anyone is watching or knows their
if anyone is watching or knows their
if anyone is watching or knows their manager or knows them, cuz all these
manager or knows them, cuz all these
manager or knows them, cuz all these people it's not like I'm asking them to
people it's not like I'm asking them to
people it's not like I'm asking them to do something they're not already doing.
do something they're not already doing.
do something they're not already doing. They're already saying I really care
They're already saying I really care
They're already saying I really care about mental health. I got through this.
about mental health. I got through this.
about mental health. I got through this. I want to help other people. So in the
I want to help other people. So in the
I want to help other people. So in the show notes, I'm going to give you my
show notes, I'm going to give you my
show notes, I'm going to give you my list of my top 30 and hopefully someone
list of my top 30 and hopefully someone
list of my top 30 and hopefully someone can get us to one of them and we'll have
can get us to one of them and we'll have
can get us to one of them and we'll have a new founding partner.
a new founding partner.
a new founding partner. >> I love that. That would be huge. All
>> I love that. That would be huge. All
>> I love that. That would be huge. All right, let's go YouTube. I like this.
right, let's go YouTube. I like this.
right, let's go YouTube. I like this. Okay, I also want to talk about you you
Okay, I also want to talk about you you
Okay, I also want to talk about you you seem to have this like you I don't care,
seem to have this like you I don't care,
seem to have this like you I don't care, you know, [\h__\h] all these people, [\h__\h]
you know, [\h__\h] all these people, [\h__\h]
you know, [\h__\h] all these people, [\h__\h] whatever they think. But you have had
whatever they think. But you have had
whatever they think. But you have had numerous like what my dad would call
numerous like what my dad would call
numerous like what my dad would call dark nights of the soul.
dark nights of the soul.
dark nights of the soul. >> Yes. Where you have like looked at the
>> Yes. Where you have like looked at the
>> Yes. Where you have like looked at the darkness in the face that I think all of
darkness in the face that I think all of
darkness in the face that I think all of us have felt either just as a [\h__\h]
us have felt either just as a [\h__\h]
us have felt either just as a [\h__\h] human, but also as an entrepreneur.
human, but also as an entrepreneur.
human, but also as an entrepreneur. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. And I think it'd be interesting. I don't
And I think it'd be interesting. I don't
And I think it'd be interesting. I don't know which one you want to share, but
know which one you want to share, but
know which one you want to share, but like I'd love to hear about a night
like I'd love to hear about a night
like I'd love to hear about a night where you just head in hands didn't know
where you just head in hands didn't know
where you just head in hands didn't know what to do next and then how you got
what to do next and then how you got
what to do next and then how you got through that. For maybe the person
through that. For maybe the person
through that. For maybe the person that's listening right now with their
that's listening right now with their
that's listening right now with their head in their hands. Yeah, I mean
head in their hands. Yeah, I mean
head in their hands. Yeah, I mean I think the scariest thing for me
I think the scariest thing for me
I think the scariest thing for me was when I started getting depressed and
was when I started getting depressed and
was when I started getting depressed and then it got worse and I started trying
then it got worse and I started trying
then it got worse and I started trying to do all these external things to fake
to do all these external things to fake
to do all these external things to fake you know, built the dream house, moved
you know, built the dream house, moved
you know, built the dream house, moved my family to Costa Rica, you know, got
my family to Costa Rica, you know, got
my family to Costa Rica, you know, got divorced, got remarried, got divorced
divorced, got remarried, got divorced
divorced, got remarried, got divorced again. Like I did a lot of things to
again. Like I did a lot of things to
again. Like I did a lot of things to mess up my life.
mess up my life.
mess up my life. And there was a time and in doing that I
And there was a time and in doing that I
And there was a time and in doing that I you know, had in this you know, I I
you know, had in this you know, I I
you know, had in this you know, I I didn't have as close a connection with
didn't have as close a connection with
didn't have as close a connection with my kids and and and and I didn't went to
my kids and and and and I didn't went to
my kids and and and and I didn't went to a psychiatrist who told me I was
a psychiatrist who told me I was
a psychiatrist who told me I was bipolar. And then I got put on all these
bipolar. And then I got put on all these
bipolar. And then I got put on all these meds and I mean like my journey got went
meds and I mean like my journey got went
meds and I mean like my journey got went from bad to worse to worse to worse
from bad to worse to worse to worse
from bad to worse to worse to worse to
to
to 2 years ago I started waking up at 3:00
2 years ago I started waking up at 3:00
2 years ago I started waking up at 3:00 in the morning and
in the morning and
in the morning and I want to kill myself. And it was so
I want to kill myself. And it was so
I want to kill myself. And it was so [\h__\h] scary because I knew logically I
[\h__\h] scary because I knew logically I
[\h__\h] scary because I knew logically I would never do that to my kids. Like I
would never do that to my kids. Like I
would never do that to my kids. Like I knew like but I couldn't stop thinking
knew like but I couldn't stop thinking
knew like but I couldn't stop thinking like go to your boat you you know, that
like go to your boat you you know, that
like go to your boat you you know, that you lived on when you started TOMS. That
you lived on when you started TOMS. That
you lived on when you started TOMS. That was your happy place. Do it there.
was your happy place. Do it there.
was your happy place. Do it there. They'll never find you. Someone else I
They'll never find you. Someone else I
They'll never find you. Someone else I mean like that's the level of detail.
mean like that's the level of detail.
mean like that's the level of detail. And I was dealing with this every single
And I was dealing with this every single
And I was dealing with this every single day and I was keeping it
day and I was keeping it
day and I was keeping it I was so ashamed because like look, I
I was so ashamed because like look, I
I was so ashamed because like look, I have money, I have a wife at the time, I
have money, I have a wife at the time, I
have money, I have a wife at the time, I have kids, like like what who am I to
have kids, like like what who am I to
have kids, like like what who am I to like want to leave this earth?
like want to leave this earth?
like want to leave this earth? And so I wasn't telling anyone and the
And so I wasn't telling anyone and the
And so I wasn't telling anyone and the thing I did which I'm
thing I did which I'm
thing I did which I'm reason I'm bringing this up is it's the
reason I'm bringing this up is it's the
reason I'm bringing this up is it's the most important thing anyone can do who
most important thing anyone can do who
most important thing anyone can do who is suffering is tell your friends.
is suffering is tell your friends.
is suffering is tell your friends. Just like there's never judgment, you
Just like there's never judgment, you
Just like there's never judgment, you know, I think mental health has had a
know, I think mental health has had a
know, I think mental health has had a lot of stigma. I think it's getting less
lot of stigma. I think it's getting less
lot of stigma. I think it's getting less and less, but just find at least one
and less, but just find at least one
and less, but just find at least one person today to be like it's this bad
person today to be like it's this bad
person today to be like it's this bad and don't hold anything back. Like
and don't hold anything back. Like
and don't hold anything back. Like literally be like this is what I'm
literally be like this is what I'm
literally be like this is what I'm thinking. This is what I'm feeling. This
thinking. This is what I'm feeling. This
thinking. This is what I'm feeling. This is what I'm planning.
is what I'm planning.
is what I'm planning. Because I believe what happens with
Because I believe what happens with
Because I believe what happens with people who become suicidal or at least
people who become suicidal or at least
people who become suicidal or at least for me, my experience and others I've
for me, my experience and others I've
for me, my experience and others I've talked to and some that I've lost
talked to and some that I've lost
talked to and some that I've lost is that it's like the brain's broken.
is that it's like the brain's broken.
is that it's like the brain's broken. You know, I mean literally it's no
You know, I mean literally it's no
You know, I mean literally it's no different than like a huge car accident,
different than like a huge car accident,
different than like a huge car accident, but it's invisible to everyone. And so
but it's invisible to everyone. And so
but it's invisible to everyone. And so think about it like how are you ever
think about it like how are you ever
think about it like how are you ever going to go to the hospital? How are you
going to go to the hospital? How are you
going to go to the hospital? How are you ever going to get the surgery? How are
ever going to get the surgery? How are
ever going to get the surgery? How are you ever going to get the PT if people
you ever going to get the PT if people
you ever going to get the PT if people don't see you mangled on the street?
don't see you mangled on the street?
don't see you mangled on the street? But if you're in that in that dark of a
But if you're in that in that dark of a
But if you're in that in that dark of a place, you are mangled your brain is
place, you are mangled your brain is
place, you are mangled your brain is mangled. It's the neurons are not firing
mangled. It's the neurons are not firing
mangled. It's the neurons are not firing cuz it's cuz it's not normal for us not
cuz it's cuz it's not normal for us not
cuz it's cuz it's not normal for us not to want to live.
to want to live.
to want to live. You know, and especially me I had tons
You know, and especially me I had tons
You know, and especially me I had tons of friends. I you know, I mean all these
of friends. I you know, I mean all these
of friends. I you know, I mean all these reasons.
reasons.
reasons. But the most important thing I did and
But the most important thing I did and
But the most important thing I did and the most important thing anyone can do
the most important thing anyone can do
the most important thing anyone can do is just reach out for help.
is just reach out for help.
is just reach out for help. And yes, there's great crisis text lines
And yes, there's great crisis text lines
And yes, there's great crisis text lines and there's all this mental health, you
and there's all this mental health, you
and there's all this mental health, you know, Project Healthy Minds is one of my
know, Project Healthy Minds is one of my
know, Project Healthy Minds is one of my amazing partners with enough. They have
amazing partners with enough. They have
amazing partners with enough. They have all these resources on their website.
all these resources on their website.
all these resources on their website. But I still think the most important
But I still think the most important
But I still think the most important thing is tell someone really close to
thing is tell someone really close to
thing is tell someone really close to you.
you.
you. I told my friends. I told my mom.
I told my friends. I told my mom.
I told my friends. I told my mom. Now I hated that I was putting this on
Now I hated that I was putting this on
Now I hated that I was putting this on my mom, but I was also like I just need
my mom, but I was also like I just need
my mom, but I was also like I just need to get through the next 6 months. Like
to get through the next 6 months. Like
to get through the next 6 months. Like and and and over time they helped me,
and and and over time they helped me,
and and and over time they helped me, you know, make some very important
you know, make some very important
you know, make some very important decisions in my life, helped me get off
decisions in my life, helped me get off
decisions in my life, helped me get off all the pharmaceuticals, helped me go to
all the pharmaceuticals, helped me go to
all the pharmaceuticals, helped me go to a treatment facility. Like I I mean my
a treatment facility. Like I I mean my
a treatment facility. Like I I mean my journey really was
journey really was
journey really was largely supported by the people that I
largely supported by the people that I
largely supported by the people that I shared. Um
shared. Um
shared. Um and also something about just talking
and also something about just talking
and also something about just talking about it, you know, kind of takes the
about it, you know, kind of takes the
about it, you know, kind of takes the pressure away from it. It it takes a
pressure away from it. It it takes a
pressure away from it. It it takes a little of the energy out of it.
little of the energy out of it.
little of the energy out of it. So were you falsely diagnosed bipolar? I
So were you falsely diagnosed bipolar? I
So were you falsely diagnosed bipolar? I think so. I mean some people might
think so. I mean some people might
think so. I mean some people might Who knows? Who knows? This is one of my
Who knows? Who knows? This is one of my
Who knows? Who knows? This is one of my favorite tattoos. So if you can see this
favorite tattoos. So if you can see this
favorite tattoos. So if you can see this one this is my
one this is my
one this is my um Who knows? This is my partner in
um Who knows? This is my partner in
um Who knows? This is my partner in TOMS, okay? Right? And so for those of
TOMS, okay? Right? And so for those of
TOMS, okay? Right? And so for those of you who are just listening, I remember
you who are just listening, I remember
you who are just listening, I remember not everyone's watching this, then you
not everyone's watching this, then you
not everyone's watching this, then you should maybe we'll post a picture of
should maybe we'll post a picture of
should maybe we'll post a picture of this. But
this. But
this. But this is Alejo. He started TOMS with me.
this is Alejo. He started TOMS with me.
this is Alejo. He started TOMS with me. He's wearing a beret? What's that?
He's wearing a beret? What's that?
He's wearing a beret? What's that? >> So he's wearing a beret?
>> So he's wearing a beret?
>> So he's wearing a beret? >> all these Argentine gauchos wear this
>> all these Argentine gauchos wear this
>> all these Argentine gauchos wear this hat. It's like a gaucho Yeah, yeah,
hat. It's like a gaucho Yeah, yeah,
hat. It's like a gaucho Yeah, yeah, yeah. But anyways, um
yeah. But anyways, um
yeah. But anyways, um he in a very funny way, I won't tell
he in a very funny way, I won't tell
he in a very funny way, I won't tell that story cuz it'll take another half
that story cuz it'll take another half
that story cuz it'll take another half an hour. But he basically get spoke for
an hour. But he basically get spoke for
an hour. But he basically get spoke for 20 minutes with certainty about all the
20 minutes with certainty about all the
20 minutes with certainty about all the things in his life that he saw through
things in his life that he saw through
things in his life that he saw through this vision and this whole thing after
this vision and this whole thing after
this vision and this whole thing after some psychedelics and then he looked at
some psychedelics and then he looked at
some psychedelics and then he looked at me and goes, but who knows?
me and goes, but who knows?
me and goes, but who knows? >> [laughter]
>> [laughter]
>> [laughter] >> Is he Argentinian?
>> Is he Argentinian?
>> Is he Argentinian? >> Yeah. That is a very Argentinian
>> Yeah. That is a very Argentinian
>> Yeah. That is a very Argentinian >> And the thing is the reason I tattooed
>> And the thing is the reason I tattooed
>> And the thing is the reason I tattooed it on my forearm is I think it's like
it on my forearm is I think it's like
it on my forearm is I think it's like one of the one like it's literally like
one of the one like it's literally like
one of the one like it's literally like the Buddha talking to me. It was like so
the Buddha talking to me. It was like so
the Buddha talking to me. It was like so smart cuz it was like we don't know.
smart cuz it was like we don't know.
smart cuz it was like we don't know. I don't know why I got depressed, but I
I don't know why I got depressed, but I
I don't know why I got depressed, but I know that it led to my next purpose.
know that it led to my next purpose.
know that it led to my next purpose. You know?
You know?
You know? I don't know why I was in this
I don't know why I was in this
I don't know why I was in this relationship, but it led to me having
relationship, but it led to me having
relationship, but it led to me having kids, you know, like like who knows if
kids, you know, like like who knows if
kids, you know, like like who knows if it's good or bad, you know? And so for
it's good or bad, you know? And so for
it's good or bad, you know? And so for me, I don't know. I just I I really look
me, I don't know. I just I I really look
me, I don't know. I just I I really look at life with just a marvel now and to
at life with just a marvel now and to
at life with just a marvel now and to not be and now let's look at this for
not be and now let's look at this for
not be and now let's look at this for people's journeys. Like someone
people's journeys. Like someone
people's journeys. Like someone difficult in your life or maybe
difficult in your life or maybe
difficult in your life or maybe someone's not treating you well or
someone's not treating you well or
someone's not treating you well or whatever, like
whatever, like
whatever, like who knows why?
who knows why?
who knows why? Do you think
Do you think
Do you think it's hard to be in a relationship with a
it's hard to be in a relationship with a
it's hard to be in a relationship with a founder?
founder?
founder? I think it's a hard to be in a
I think it's a hard to be in a
I think it's a hard to be in a relationship with me.
relationship with me.
relationship with me. >> [laughter]
>> [laughter]
>> [laughter] >> Do you?
>> Do you?
>> Do you? Maybe not so much anymore. I think it
Maybe not so much anymore. I think it
Maybe not so much anymore. I think it different period of my life it was. I
different period of my life it was. I
different period of my life it was. I mean I I think it was very hard be in a
mean I I think it was very hard be in a
mean I I think it was very hard be in a relationship with me when I was building
relationship with me when I was building
relationship with me when I was building and growing TOMS because it was my first
and growing TOMS because it was my first
and growing TOMS because it was my first love, you know? I mean it really was. I
love, you know? I mean it really was. I
love, you know? I mean it really was. I mean there's just, you know, we were
mean there's just, you know, we were
mean there's just, you know, we were traveling around the world, we were
traveling around the world, we were
traveling around the world, we were giving shoes to kids. I was I was
giving shoes to kids. I was I was
giving shoes to kids. I was I was getting the external validation that
getting the external validation that
getting the external validation that someone who never feels enough needed,
someone who never feels enough needed,
someone who never feels enough needed, so I was getting it constantly, you
so I was getting it constantly, you
so I was getting it constantly, you know? And so, you know, it's hard to be
know? And so, you know, it's hard to be
know? And so, you know, it's hard to be in a relationship cuz in a relationship
in a relationship cuz in a relationship
in a relationship cuz in a relationship you mess up, you forget to take the
you mess up, you forget to take the
you mess up, you forget to take the garbage out, you're late for dinner.
garbage out, you're late for dinner.
garbage out, you're late for dinner. Like you're not exactly getting external
Like you're not exactly getting external
Like you're not exactly getting external validation every time you come home. But
validation every time you come home. But
validation every time you come home. But if you're getting it outside as a
if you're getting it outside as a
if you're getting it outside as a founder, especially if you have success,
founder, especially if you have success,
founder, especially if you have success, it's really hard. But then the
it's really hard. But then the
it's really hard. But then the interesting thing now is I'm in an
interesting thing now is I'm in an
interesting thing now is I'm in an incredible relationship with an amazing
incredible relationship with an amazing
incredible relationship with an amazing woman and and you know, she's been part
woman and and you know, she's been part
woman and and you know, she's been part of the whole enough, you know, building
of the whole enough, you know, building
of the whole enough, you know, building all enough and it's going great. So I
all enough and it's going great. So I
all enough and it's going great. So I think a lot of it is is I wouldn't say
think a lot of it is is I wouldn't say
think a lot of it is is I wouldn't say it's a founder, I'd say maybe first time
it's a founder, I'd say maybe first time
it's a founder, I'd say maybe first time founder, you know, I don't know. But I
founder, you know, I don't know. But I
founder, you know, I don't know. But I do I do think that there are sacrifices,
do I do think that there are sacrifices,
do I do think that there are sacrifices, but I think the person
but I think the person
but I think the person knows that going in and they're either
knows that going in and they're either
knows that going in and they're either in for that ride or they're not and
in for that ride or they're not and
in for that ride or they're not and that's why you got to make sure that you
that's why you got to make sure that you
that's why you got to make sure that you have the same vision for
have the same vision for
have the same vision for you know, what you're doing. Cuz right
you know, what you're doing. Cuz right
you know, what you're doing. Cuz right now helping people feel enough and
now helping people feel enough and
now helping people feel enough and raising money for mental health is
raising money for mental health is
raising money for mental health is outside of my kids like the most
outside of my kids like the most
outside of my kids like the most important thing going on and if I was
important thing going on and if I was
important thing going on and if I was with someone that didn't also share that
with someone that didn't also share that
with someone that didn't also share that passion, it probably wouldn't work out
passion, it probably wouldn't work out
passion, it probably wouldn't work out very well.
very well.
very well. So now when you get into a relationship,
So now when you get into a relationship,
So now when you get into a relationship, do you set it up different? Like I think
do you set it up different? Like I think
do you set it up different? Like I think I just got incredibly I think God threw
I just got incredibly I think God threw
I just got incredibly I think God threw me a bone on this one.
me a bone on this one.
me a bone on this one. You didn't sit her down and say
You didn't sit her down and say
You didn't sit her down and say >> Just like Is she here? Is she listening?
>> Just like Is she here? Is she listening?
>> Just like Is she here? Is she listening? Oh, yeah. Hopefully No, she's You're
Oh, yeah. Hopefully No, she's You're
Oh, yeah. Hopefully No, she's You're doing this and she's not even listening.
doing this and she's not even listening.
doing this and she's not even listening. We'll have to send it to her later.
We'll have to send it to her later.
We'll have to send it to her later. >> Yeah, that's how independent she is.
>> Yeah, that's how independent she is.
>> Yeah, that's how independent she is. She's just like I'm doing my thing,
She's just like I'm doing my thing,
She's just like I'm doing my thing, you're doing your thing. No, but but I'm
you're doing your thing. No, but but I'm
you're doing your thing. No, but but I'm curious. Like I think we have a lot of
curious. Like I think we have a lot of
curious. Like I think we have a lot of people who ask questions about
people who ask questions about
people who ask questions about relationships Yeah. No, I like it. I've
relationships Yeah. No, I like it. I've
relationships Yeah. No, I like it. I've I've watched some of your videos on
I've watched some of your videos on
I've watched some of your videos on Instagram about it. Yeah. Well, I don't
Instagram about it. Yeah. Well, I don't
Instagram about it. Yeah. Well, I don't I'm always like I have no [\h__\h] idea.
I'm always like I have no [\h__\h] idea.
I'm always like I have no [\h__\h] idea. Talk to people when I'm 80. Who knows,
Talk to people when I'm 80. Who knows,
Talk to people when I'm 80. Who knows, right? I have no Yeah, who knows? But I
right? I have no Yeah, who knows? But I
right? I have no Yeah, who knows? But I was curious like
was curious like
was curious like for entrepreneurs or somebody going into
for entrepreneurs or somebody going into
for entrepreneurs or somebody going into a relationship or trying to find their
a relationship or trying to find their
a relationship or trying to find their person
person
person >> Yeah. Like what what would you fess up
>> Yeah. Like what what would you fess up
>> Yeah. Like what what would you fess up with somebody that you're in a
with somebody that you're in a
with somebody that you're in a relationship with now? What questions
relationship with now? What questions
relationship with now? What questions would you ask, you know, the person?
would you ask, you know, the person?
would you ask, you know, the person? What would you tell them? Well, I think
What would you tell them? Well, I think
What would you tell them? Well, I think the first thing is is just being
the first thing is is just being
the first thing is is just being radically honest about what your
radically honest about what your
radically honest about what your priorities are.
priorities are.
priorities are. You know, the the hard thing is
You know, the the hard thing is
You know, the the hard thing is especially for someone who didn't feel
especially for someone who didn't feel
especially for someone who didn't feel enough cuz I is that you kind of tell
enough cuz I is that you kind of tell
enough cuz I is that you kind of tell people what they want to hear so they'll
people what they want to hear so they'll
people what they want to hear so they'll love you, right? Versus like what who
love you, right? Versus like what who
love you, right? Versus like what who you really are and what you're really
you really are and what you're really
you really are and what you're really about. And I think so I was kind of
about. And I think so I was kind of
about. And I think so I was kind of doomed and I think my romantic partners
doomed and I think my romantic partners
doomed and I think my romantic partners were doomed because I never felt that I
were doomed because I never felt that I
were doomed because I never felt that I was enough. So in sense I was looking
was enough. So in sense I was looking
was enough. So in sense I was looking for them to tell me that I'm enough or
for them to tell me that I'm enough or
for them to tell me that I'm enough or to fill this hole that only I can fill,
to fill this hole that only I can fill,
to fill this hole that only I can fill, right? And so
right? And so
right? And so maybe I'm not leading with how important
maybe I'm not leading with how important
maybe I'm not leading with how important my business is or my purpose is because
my business is or my purpose is because
my business is or my purpose is because I want to say whatever it takes so that
I want to say whatever it takes so that
I want to say whatever it takes so that they're going to tell me I'm enough.
they're going to tell me I'm enough.
they're going to tell me I'm enough. Once I healed this
Once I healed this
Once I healed this then I was able to I think attract a
then I was able to I think attract a
then I was able to I think attract a relationship and be really honest about
relationship and be really honest about
relationship and be really honest about hey
hey
hey my kids are my number one priority right
my kids are my number one priority right
my kids are my number one priority right now. I spend half my time with them.
now. I spend half my time with them.
now. I spend half my time with them. Next to that, I am on a mission to
Next to that, I am on a mission to
Next to that, I am on a mission to literally change the world's mental
literally change the world's mental
literally change the world's mental health. Like I want to raise more money
health. Like I want to raise more money
health. Like I want to raise more money for mental health through enough than
for mental health through enough than
for mental health through enough than anyone in the history of the world. Like
anyone in the history of the world. Like
anyone in the history of the world. Like I'm not like that's how big of a goal I
I'm not like that's how big of a goal I
I'm not like that's how big of a goal I have. And that's going to require me to
have. And that's going to require me to
have. And that's going to require me to go on a bunch of podcasts, to travel the
go on a bunch of podcasts, to travel the
go on a bunch of podcasts, to travel the world, to do speaking, to do all these
world, to do speaking, to do all these
world, to do speaking, to do all these things. And so, most of our days are
things. And so, most of our days are
things. And so, most of our days are going to be living in a suitcase.
going to be living in a suitcase.
going to be living in a suitcase. And when I'm not in a suitcase, I want
And when I'm not in a suitcase, I want
And when I'm not in a suitcase, I want to surf.
to surf.
to surf. >> [laughter]
>> [laughter]
>> [laughter] >> And I met a woman from Hawaii that
>> And I met a woman from Hawaii that
>> And I met a woman from Hawaii that surfs. Oh, that's perfect.
surfs. Oh, that's perfect.
surfs. Oh, that's perfect. >> Yeah. But But it was like very clear,
>> Yeah. But But it was like very clear,
>> Yeah. But But it was like very clear, like when I'm not doing that,
like when I'm not doing that,
like when I'm not doing that, I really want to be surfing. And if you
I really want to be surfing. And if you
I really want to be surfing. And if you really like the idea of either surfing
really like the idea of either surfing
really like the idea of either surfing or being in a beach town, and also
or being in a beach town, and also
or being in a beach town, and also traveling around the world on this
traveling around the world on this
traveling around the world on this crazy, you know, enough enough ride,
crazy, you know, enough enough ride,
crazy, you know, enough enough ride, then great. And That's such a good
then great. And That's such a good
then great. And That's such a good >> But it was But it was so much easier to
>> But it was But it was so much easier to
>> But it was But it was so much easier to be clear and honest honest
be clear and honest honest
be clear and honest honest because
because
because I wasn't looking for that external
I wasn't looking for that external
I wasn't looking for that external validation anymore. I was getting it for
validation anymore. I was getting it for
validation anymore. I was getting it for myself. I was really believing I am
myself. I was really believing I am
myself. I was really believing I am enough, whether this woman is excited
enough, whether this woman is excited
enough, whether this woman is excited about being on this ride with me or not.
about being on this ride with me or not.
about being on this ride with me or not. And then, therefore, I also attracted
And then, therefore, I also attracted
And then, therefore, I also attracted someone who they felt they were enough.
someone who they felt they were enough.
someone who they felt they were enough. And so, they were able to be honest
And so, they were able to be honest
And so, they were able to be honest about what's important to them and what
about what's important to them and what
about what's important to them and what their needs are. And so, I think it's
their needs are. And so, I think it's
their needs are. And so, I think it's hard being with a founder, being with an
hard being with a founder, being with an
hard being with a founder, being with an entrepreneur is is is not for everyone.
entrepreneur is is is not for everyone.
entrepreneur is is is not for everyone. But I also think it's really hard if you
But I also think it's really hard if you
But I also think it's really hard if you struggle with what I've struggled with
struggle with what I've struggled with
struggle with what I've struggled with and you're founder to not really kind of
and you're founder to not really kind of
and you're founder to not really kind of sell a vision of a life that's really
sell a vision of a life that's really
sell a vision of a life that's really not what you want. Yeah. Well,
not what you want. Yeah. Well,
not what you want. Yeah. Well, >> That's what Sorry. That's also what
>> That's what Sorry. That's also what
>> That's what Sorry. That's also what causes depression. I mean, I'm I'm
causes depression. I mean, I'm I'm
causes depression. I mean, I'm I'm convinced that one of the largest causes
convinced that one of the largest causes
convinced that one of the largest causes of depression is just not living in
of depression is just not living in
of depression is just not living in integrity with yourself.
integrity with yourself.
integrity with yourself. You know, for so many years, I was
You know, for so many years, I was
You know, for so many years, I was living the life that I thought everyone
living the life that I thought everyone
living the life that I thought everyone else wanted me to live.
else wanted me to live.
else wanted me to live. And I wasn't living the life I wanted to
And I wasn't living the life I wanted to
And I wasn't living the life I wanted to live.
live.
live. And I think so, that's what catches up
And I think so, that's what catches up
And I think so, that's what catches up to us as we make all these little
to us as we make all these little
to us as we make all these little compromises.
compromises.
compromises. Largely, I did it so that I would
Largely, I did it so that I would
Largely, I did it so that I would receive love.
receive love.
receive love. And then you wake up and you're living a
And then you wake up and you're living a
And then you wake up and you're living a whole compromised life.
whole compromised life.
whole compromised life. And that you don't want to live, and
And that you don't want to live, and
And that you don't want to live, and that's where your soul is like, "Well,
that's where your soul is like, "Well,
that's where your soul is like, "Well, I'm going to get depressed and feel
I'm going to get depressed and feel
I'm going to get depressed and feel horrible until you make major decisions
horrible until you make major decisions
horrible until you make major decisions to get back in alignment."
to get back in alignment."
to get back in alignment." And then you get back in alignment and
And then you get back in alignment and
And then you get back in alignment and everything feels at peace again. That's
everything feels at peace again. That's
everything feels at peace again. That's so true. I also think the universe
so true. I also think the universe
so true. I also think the universe doesn't give you things when you're
doesn't give you things when you're
doesn't give you things when you're unclear. Yeah.
unclear. Yeah.
unclear. Yeah. >> So, you know, if you're like, "No, no,
>> So, you know, if you're like, "No, no,
>> So, you know, if you're like, "No, no, I'll take whatever love I can get."
I'll take whatever love I can get."
I'll take whatever love I can get." That's not actually what you mean, then
That's not actually what you mean, then
That's not actually what you mean, then things go sideways. So, it's so
things go sideways. So, it's so
things go sideways. So, it's so important, even the way you set goals is
important, even the way you set goals is
important, even the way you set goals is really interesting to listen to. Cuz
really interesting to listen to. Cuz
really interesting to listen to. Cuz you're like, "I wanted this woman that
you're like, "I wanted this woman that
you're like, "I wanted this woman that here are these things that are really
here are these things that are really
here are these things that are really important to me." And so, they can
important to me." And so, they can
important to me." And so, they can decide one way or the other. And the way
decide one way or the other. And the way
decide one way or the other. And the way you set goals, you know, my husband and
you set goals, you know, my husband and
you set goals, you know, my husband and I were talking the other day about how
I were talking the other day about how
I were talking the other day about how we were looking at like the greatest men
we were looking at like the greatest men
we were looking at like the greatest men of all time. You know, if you look in
of all time. You know, if you look in
of all time. You know, if you look in throughout history. And not one of them
throughout history. And not one of them
throughout history. And not one of them >> best-looking? Yeah, [clears throat]
>> best-looking? Yeah, [clears throat]
>> best-looking? Yeah, [clears throat] exactly. You and your husband sitting
exactly. You and your husband sitting
exactly. You and your husband sitting around? I think he's hot.
around? I think he's hot.
around? I think he's hot. >> Chris would not like that. He would not
>> Chris would not like that. He would not
>> Chris would not like that. He would not be interested in that. He's like you,
be interested in that. He's like you,
be interested in that. He's like you, he's an he's an ex-Navy SEAL surfer.
he's an he's an ex-Navy SEAL surfer.
he's an he's an ex-Navy SEAL surfer. Okay. Um but so, he's a dude's dude, but
Okay. Um but so, he's a dude's dude, but
Okay. Um but so, he's a dude's dude, but we were like, "None of these men have
we were like, "None of these men have
we were like, "None of these men have actually achieved their goals fully."
actually achieved their goals fully."
actually achieved their goals fully." Like, you know, if you go to Napoleon,
Like, you know, if you go to Napoleon,
Like, you know, if you go to Napoleon, if you look back, you know, throughout
if you look back, you know, throughout
if you look back, you know, throughout history and you look at the biggest
history and you look at the biggest
history and you look at the biggest leaders in the world, they never achieve
leaders in the world, they never achieve
leaders in the world, they never achieve their goal. And yours is interesting cuz
their goal. And yours is interesting cuz
their goal. And yours is interesting cuz your goal was not, "Well, I want to sell
your goal was not, "Well, I want to sell
your goal was not, "Well, I want to sell a million bracelets." You know, it's "I
a million bracelets." You know, it's "I
a million bracelets." You know, it's "I want to do more for mental health than
want to do more for mental health than
want to do more for mental health than anybody's ever done or to raise more
anybody's ever done or to raise more
anybody's ever done or to raise more money than ever." Do you think about
money than ever." Do you think about
money than ever." Do you think about goals a specific way? Is there like a
goals a specific way? Is there like a
goals a specific way? Is there like a right way or a wrong way to set goals
right way or a wrong way to set goals
right way or a wrong way to set goals for Blake?
for Blake?
for Blake? >> I would definitely now. I'm glad you
>> I would definitely now. I'm glad you
>> I would definitely now. I'm glad you brought this up. So, in the same sense,
brought this up. So, in the same sense,
brought this up. So, in the same sense, I'll say I hope that enough these
I'll say I hope that enough these
I'll say I hope that enough these bracelets, you know, every person on the
bracelets, you know, every person on the
bracelets, you know, every person on the planet wears one and we raise more money
planet wears one and we raise more money
planet wears one and we raise more money than anyone in the history of mental
than anyone in the history of mental
than anyone in the history of mental health. And
health. And
health. And if I just help one dad tell his teenage
if I just help one dad tell his teenage
if I just help one dad tell his teenage daughter that she's enough and read the
daughter that she's enough and read the
daughter that she's enough and read the poem that's in there to her, and that
poem that's in there to her, and that
poem that's in there to her, and that creates that tighter bond, we've had
creates that tighter bond, we've had
creates that tighter bond, we've had success.
success.
success. Like, I literally both goals This
Like, I literally both goals This
Like, I literally both goals This actually the dad-daughter one is more
actually the dad-daughter one is more
actually the dad-daughter one is more important. And And And And that sounds
important. And And And And that sounds
important. And And And And that sounds like a great thing to say on a podcast
like a great thing to say on a podcast
like a great thing to say on a podcast or in a press thing or whatever, but I
or in a press thing or whatever, but I
or in a press thing or whatever, but I actually believe it. And the thing is is
actually believe it. And the thing is is
actually believe it. And the thing is is already, we've only been doing this for
already, we've only been doing this for
already, we've only been doing this for like 2 weeks now. We've gotten the most
like 2 weeks now. We've gotten the most
like 2 weeks now. We've gotten the most incredible stories of, you know, teenage
incredible stories of, you know, teenage
incredible stories of, you know, teenage girls giving it to each other and it's
girls giving it to each other and it's
girls giving it to each other and it's like their new friendship bracelet. You
like their new friendship bracelet. You
like their new friendship bracelet. You know, one had been really struggling
know, one had been really struggling
know, one had been really struggling with depression. She's like, "Hey, I
with depression. She's like, "Hey, I
with depression. She's like, "Hey, I want you to know, I always got you and
want you to know, I always got you and
want you to know, I always got you and you are enough." Or I did hear about
you are enough." Or I did hear about
you are enough." Or I did hear about this dad and daughter. I heard about
this dad and daughter. I heard about
this dad and daughter. I heard about this son that gave it to his dad and
this son that gave it to his dad and
this son that gave it to his dad and said, "I recognize that my dad's been
said, "I recognize that my dad's been
said, "I recognize that my dad's been depressed probably for like most of my
depressed probably for like most of my
depressed probably for like most of my adult life." He's a guy in his 30s. He's
adult life." He's a guy in his 30s. He's
adult life." He's a guy in his 30s. He's like, "But I never knew how to ask him
like, "But I never knew how to ask him
like, "But I never knew how to ask him about it or talk to him. And I gave him
about it or talk to him. And I gave him
about it or talk to him. And I gave him the bracelet and it just opened up a
the bracelet and it just opened up a
the bracelet and it just opened up a whole conversation and now my dad's
whole conversation and now my dad's
whole conversation and now my dad's going to therapy." Like, I mean, it's
going to therapy." Like, I mean, it's
going to therapy." Like, I mean, it's like So, so when I say goals, I can have
like So, so when I say goals, I can have
like So, so when I say goals, I can have You can I believe you can set goals
You can I believe you can set goals
You can I believe you can set goals that are
that are
that are you know, not mutually exclusive. Like,
you know, not mutually exclusive. Like,
you know, not mutually exclusive. Like, I hope that this becomes huge, but if it
I hope that this becomes huge, but if it
I hope that this becomes huge, but if it doesn't, even if we touch a few people
doesn't, even if we touch a few people
doesn't, even if we touch a few people and create some interesting
and create some interesting
and create some interesting conversations and important healing,
conversations and important healing,
conversations and important healing, we've had success. I I think there's
we've had success. I I think there's
we've had success. I I think there's been talk about like you set a goal and
been talk about like you set a goal and
been talk about like you set a goal and then you hold on to it very lightly.
then you hold on to it very lightly.
then you hold on to it very lightly. That's like So, you don't have the
That's like So, you don't have the
That's like So, you don't have the pressure of the goal. Like, goals are
pressure of the goal. Like, goals are
pressure of the goal. Like, goals are great because I do believe what you put
great because I do believe what you put
great because I do believe what you put out into the universe is often what you
out into the universe is often what you
out into the universe is often what you get back. So, if you don't tell like you
get back. So, if you don't tell like you
get back. So, if you don't tell like you said, if you don't tell the universe
said, if you don't tell the universe
said, if you don't tell the universe what you want, how the hell are you
what you want, how the hell are you
what you want, how the hell are you going to get it? How's it going to give
going to get it? How's it going to give
going to get it? How's it going to give it to you? And if you put pressure like,
it to you? And if you put pressure like,
it to you? And if you put pressure like, "Oh, I'm only going to feel this project
"Oh, I'm only going to feel this project
"Oh, I'm only going to feel this project was successful if we raise a hundred
was successful if we raise a hundred
was successful if we raise a hundred million dollars." Well, that's just a
million dollars." Well, that's just a
million dollars." Well, that's just a silly thing. But a lot of people do that
silly thing. But a lot of people do that
silly thing. But a lot of people do that and a lot of founders do that. I mean,
and a lot of founders do that. I mean,
and a lot of founders do that. I mean, they set goals financially. Like, "Oh, I
they set goals financially. Like, "Oh, I
they set goals financially. Like, "Oh, I need to sell my company for 40 million
need to sell my company for 40 million
need to sell my company for 40 million or 50 million or I need to do this or I
or 50 million or I need to do this or I
or 50 million or I need to do this or I need to do that." But really, the ones
need to do that." But really, the ones
need to do that." But really, the ones that build the great businesses are 100%
that build the great businesses are 100%
that build the great businesses are 100% focused on something that is not
focused on something that is not
focused on something that is not necessarily measurable and more
necessarily measurable and more
necessarily measurable and more cultural. Big goals loosely held. I love
cultural. Big goals loosely held. I love
cultural. Big goals loosely held. I love that.
that.
that. >> Big goals loosely held. So good. Also, I
>> Big goals loosely held. So good. Also, I
>> Big goals loosely held. So good. Also, I think, you know, I think about that a
think, you know, I think about that a
think, you know, I think about that a lot with everything we do and it's one
lot with everything we do and it's one
lot with everything we do and it's one of my favorite things about the
of my favorite things about the
of my favorite things about the businesses you've built before, but you
businesses you've built before, but you
businesses you've built before, but you know, we started the beginning of the
know, we started the beginning of the
know, we started the beginning of the podcast with me saying, you know, I try
podcast with me saying, you know, I try
podcast with me saying, you know, I try to always think about like one person
to always think about like one person
to always think about like one person specifically who listens to this. Cuz if
specifically who listens to this. Cuz if
specifically who listens to this. Cuz if you think about it, you hold something
you think about it, you hold something
you think about it, you hold something precious in your hands when you're
precious in your hands when you're
precious in your hands when you're taking somebody's attention. That's
taking somebody's attention. That's
taking somebody's attention. That's their life.
their life.
their life. Right? That's That's lifespan. That's
Right? That's That's lifespan. That's
Right? That's That's lifespan. That's very precious. We don't get very many of
very precious. We don't get very many of
very precious. We don't get very many of those. And so, if you imagine that we
those. And so, if you imagine that we
those. And so, if you imagine that we get millions of views a month across all
get millions of views a month across all
get millions of views a month across all the social channels, what a travesty if
the social channels, what a travesty if
the social channels, what a travesty if you and I don't give them something
you and I don't give them something
you and I don't give them something really worth spending their life on.
really worth spending their life on.
really worth spending their life on. Like, that would hurt me a little. Amen.
Like, that would hurt me a little. Amen.
Like, that would hurt me a little. Amen. >> Yeah. And so, I remember like we've
>> Yeah. And so, I remember like we've
>> Yeah. And so, I remember like we've we've haven't had very many, but we had
we've haven't had very many, but we had
we've haven't had very many, but we had two podcasts we had to kill because I
two podcasts we had to kill because I
two podcasts we had to kill because I was like,
was like,
was like, "I got stuff out of it. Thank you so
"I got stuff out of it. Thank you so
"I got stuff out of it. Thank you so much for coming. But like,
much for coming. But like,
much for coming. But like, a million hours on this, it's not
a million hours on this, it's not
a million hours on this, it's not enough. It's not good enough." And so,
enough. It's not good enough." And so,
enough. It's not good enough." And so, I think um one other thing I want to
I think um one other thing I want to
I think um one other thing I want to talk about, which is like why we put up
talk about, which is like why we put up
talk about, which is like why we put up the tree. We were struggling beforehand
the tree. We were struggling beforehand
the tree. We were struggling beforehand with this, you know, if you guys are
with this, you know, if you guys are
with this, you know, if you guys are watching us, you're like, "Why is there
watching us, you're like, "Why is there
watching us, you're like, "Why is there this giant tree that looks so beautiful
this giant tree that looks so beautiful
this giant tree that looks so beautiful behind us?" We were struggling with what
behind us?" We were struggling with what
behind us?" We were struggling with what >> setup.
>> setup.
>> setup. >> Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. it was supposed to be.
it was supposed to be.
it was supposed to be. And then you told a story about wisdom
And then you told a story about wisdom
And then you told a story about wisdom and the Buddha that this reminded you
and the Buddha that this reminded you
and the Buddha that this reminded you of. Will you tell us that story?
of. Will you tell us that story?
of. Will you tell us that story? >> Yeah. So, when I started TOMS, um we we
>> Yeah. So, when I started TOMS, um we we
>> Yeah. So, when I started TOMS, um we we grew beyond shoes into eyewear. We
grew beyond shoes into eyewear. We
grew beyond shoes into eyewear. We started selling sunglasses. And then we
started selling sunglasses. And then we
started selling sunglasses. And then we made a deal where we said, "Okay, if you
made a deal where we said, "Okay, if you
made a deal where we said, "Okay, if you buy a pair of our sunglasses, we'll pay
buy a pair of our sunglasses, we'll pay
buy a pair of our sunglasses, we'll pay for a cataract surgery to someone who's
for a cataract surgery to someone who's
for a cataract surgery to someone who's blind." We found out that the greatest
blind." We found out that the greatest
blind." We found out that the greatest cataract surgeons in the world are at
cataract surgeons in the world are at
cataract surgeons in the world are at this hospital in India, in Lundini. And
this hospital in India, in Lundini. And
this hospital in India, in Lundini. And we decided to go there and watch people
we decided to go there and watch people
we decided to go there and watch people get their eyesight back. I mean, it was
get their eyesight back. I mean, it was
get their eyesight back. I mean, it was literally one of the greatest
literally one of the greatest
literally one of the greatest experiences in my life. I mean,
experiences in my life. I mean,
experiences in my life. I mean, literally, I saw grandparents that had
literally, I saw grandparents that had
literally, I saw grandparents that had never seen their grandkids and see them
never seen their grandkids and see them
never seen their grandkids and see them for the first time because of a surgery
for the first time because of a surgery
for the first time because of a surgery that someone got because someone bought
that someone got because someone bought
that someone got because someone bought a pair of sunglasses on on, you know,
a pair of sunglasses on on, you know,
a pair of sunglasses on on, you know, toms.com or something. I mean, it's
toms.com or something. I mean, it's
toms.com or something. I mean, it's crazy.
crazy.
crazy. >> how much does that surgery cost then?
>> how much does that surgery cost then?
>> how much does that surgery cost then? >> It cost like
>> It cost like
>> It cost like $16 back then. Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah.
$16 back then. Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah.
$16 back then. Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah. >> Yeah, so with one pair of shoes, you're
>> Yeah, so with one pair of shoes, you're
>> Yeah, so with one pair of shoes, you're able to cure eyesight.
able to cure eyesight.
able to cure eyesight. >> no, with eyewear. We just sold eyewear
>> no, with eyewear. We just sold eyewear
>> no, with eyewear. We just sold eyewear for a hundred hundred fifteen bucks and
for a hundred hundred fifteen bucks and
for a hundred hundred fifteen bucks and $16 of it was went to paying the
$16 of it was went to paying the
$16 of it was went to paying the surgery. So, anyway, so we go to Lundini
surgery. So, anyway, so we go to Lundini
surgery. So, anyway, so we go to Lundini and they didn't tell me this until we
and they didn't tell me this until we
and they didn't tell me this until we got there, but also Lundini is the
got there, but also Lundini is the
got there, but also Lundini is the birthplace of the Buddha.
birthplace of the Buddha.
birthplace of the Buddha. And I looked over and they're like,
And I looked over and they're like,
And I looked over and they're like, "That's the tree." Now, whether that was
"That's the tree." Now, whether that was
"That's the tree." Now, whether that was the tree or not, who knows, but it was a
the tree or not, who knows, but it was a
the tree or not, who knows, but it was a tree that looks just like this. And I
tree that looks just like this. And I
tree that looks just like this. And I have a photo, I have to find it,
have a photo, I have to find it,
have a photo, I have to find it, probably we can get it for the show, of
probably we can get it for the show, of
probably we can get it for the show, of me sitting underneath the tree. And I
me sitting underneath the tree. And I
me sitting underneath the tree. And I remember sitting there and
remember sitting there and
remember sitting there and this was this was before I got
this was this was before I got
this was this was before I got depressed. This was like when TOMS was
depressed. This was like when TOMS was
depressed. This was like when TOMS was really taking off. I was in my flow. I
really taking off. I was in my flow. I
really taking off. I was in my flow. I was very connected to it for all the
was very connected to it for all the
was very connected to it for all the right reasons. I wasn't putting all the
right reasons. I wasn't putting all the
right reasons. I wasn't putting all the external pressure. And I just remember
external pressure. And I just remember
external pressure. And I just remember thinking like, "If this is it, if
thinking like, "If this is it, if
thinking like, "If this is it, if there's nothing else that happens with
there's nothing else that happens with
there's nothing else that happens with this this this idea." Like, and I'd just
this this this idea." Like, and I'd just
this this this idea." Like, and I'd just seen some eye surgeries. I was like,
seen some eye surgeries. I was like,
seen some eye surgeries. I was like, "That's all that matters."
"That's all that matters."
"That's all that matters." And I think that's like the way I want
And I think that's like the way I want
And I think that's like the way I want to live my life each day, each week,
to live my life each day, each week,
to live my life each day, each week, each month, going back to goals. Like,
each month, going back to goals. Like,
each month, going back to goals. Like, at the end of the day, I come and be
at the end of the day, I come and be
at the end of the day, I come and be like, "Okay,
like, "Okay,
like, "Okay, if that's the last one, I'm okay with
if that's the last one, I'm okay with
if that's the last one, I'm okay with it." You know? And after the week and
it." You know? And after the week and
it." You know? And after the week and after the month, if that's it, I'm okay
after the month, if that's it, I'm okay
after the month, if that's it, I'm okay with it because that's again about
with it because that's again about
with it because that's again about living in alignment, you know? And for
living in alignment, you know? And for
living in alignment, you know? And for me, having gone through such a scary
me, having gone through such a scary
me, having gone through such a scary time where for days I thought it was
time where for days I thought it was
time where for days I thought it was going to end very soon, I just feel like
going to end very soon, I just feel like
going to end very soon, I just feel like I have like this, you know, they say new
I have like this, you know, they say new
I have like this, you know, they say new lease on life. Like, I feel like this I
lease on life. Like, I feel like this I
lease on life. Like, I feel like this I get this like second chance. And so,
get this like second chance. And so,
get this like second chance. And so, that's why I'm spending all my time
that's why I'm spending all my time
that's why I'm spending all my time trying to help others not feel the way I
trying to help others not feel the way I
trying to help others not feel the way I felt. And really connect people because
felt. And really connect people because
felt. And really connect people because at the end of the day,
at the end of the day,
at the end of the day, I mean, that's all we have are
I mean, that's all we have are
I mean, that's all we have are relationships and our own mental health.
relationships and our own mental health.
relationships and our own mental health. Cuz if we don't have mental health, it
Cuz if we don't have mental health, it
Cuz if we don't have mental health, it doesn't matter what physical health you
doesn't matter what physical health you
doesn't matter what physical health you have. Yeah. So, what do you do now?
have. Yeah. So, what do you do now?
have. Yeah. So, what do you do now? Like, if you're feeling down, not even
Like, if you're feeling down, not even
Like, if you're feeling down, not even going all the way back, but if you're
going all the way back, but if you're
going all the way back, but if you're feeling down or you want to feel
feeling down or you want to feel
feeling down or you want to feel reinspired, Yeah. what what do you turn
reinspired, Yeah. what what do you turn
reinspired, Yeah. what what do you turn to? What activities, what books, what
to? What activities, what books, what
to? What activities, what books, what readings, what quotes? So, okay, this is
readings, what quotes? So, okay, this is
readings, what quotes? So, okay, this is silly, but one of the things I'm doing
silly, but one of the things I'm doing
silly, but one of the things I'm doing right now, it's not as silly, it's just
right now, it's not as silly, it's just
right now, it's not as silly, it's just it's just I don't have I don't know how
it's just I don't have I don't know how
it's just I don't have I don't know how people respond to this, okay? I like
people respond to this, okay? I like
people respond to this, okay? I like this. Yeah, I know you're going to like
this. Yeah, I know you're going to like
this. Yeah, I know you're going to like this. So,
this. So,
this. So, about 2 months ago,
about 2 months ago,
about 2 months ago, I started using AI therapy.
I started using AI therapy.
I started using AI therapy. Now, a lot of people ask ChatGPT mental
Now, a lot of people ask ChatGPT mental
Now, a lot of people ask ChatGPT mental health stuff. But there's this app
health stuff. But there's this app
health stuff. But there's this app called Sonia. Uh-huh. sonia.ai.
called Sonia. Uh-huh. sonia.ai.
called Sonia. Uh-huh. sonia.ai. And I met the founder at a mental health
And I met the founder at a mental health
And I met the founder at a mental health conference. And he was giving a
conference. And he was giving a
conference. And he was giving a presentation and explaining how it works
presentation and explaining how it works
presentation and explaining how it works and how it's, you know, built on the
and how it's, you know, built on the
and how it's, you know, built on the LLMs, but they've basically taken, you
LLMs, but they've basically taken, you
LLMs, but they've basically taken, you know, every therapist, every case study,
know, every therapist, every case study,
know, every therapist, every case study, every book ever written, put it in there
every book ever written, put it in there
every book ever written, put it in there and tried to design.
and tried to design.
and tried to design. And they called it emotional support. I
And they called it emotional support. I
And they called it emotional support. I think for legal reasons they called it
think for legal reasons they called it
think for legal reasons they called it emotional support instead of AI therapy,
emotional support instead of AI therapy,
emotional support instead of AI therapy, but it's AI therapy.
but it's AI therapy.
but it's AI therapy. >> [snorts]
>> [snorts]
>> [snorts] >> And so,
>> And so,
>> And so, >> [laughter and gasps]
>> [laughter and gasps]
>> [laughter and gasps] >> and so, anyways,
>> and so, anyways,
>> and so, anyways, I was like, "Well, I've done a lot of
I was like, "Well, I've done a lot of
I was like, "Well, I've done a lot of therapy. I mean I mean if anyone's done
therapy. I mean I mean if anyone's done
therapy. I mean I mean if anyone's done therapy, I mean I've done a lot of
therapy, I mean I've done a lot of
therapy, I mean I've done a lot of therapy." And one of the things that's
therapy." And one of the things that's
therapy." And one of the things that's really a bummer with therapy is
really a bummer with therapy is
really a bummer with therapy is if I have a panic attack, it doesn't
if I have a panic attack, it doesn't
if I have a panic attack, it doesn't happen at 2:00 on a Thursday at 2:00 on
happen at 2:00 on a Thursday at 2:00 on
happen at 2:00 on a Thursday at 2:00 on a Thursday.
a Thursday.
a Thursday. It happens at 4:00 [\h__\h] in the
It happens at 4:00 [\h__\h] in the
It happens at 4:00 [\h__\h] in the morning.
morning.
morning. And my therapist, I don't care how much
And my therapist, I don't care how much
And my therapist, I don't care how much money you have, no therapist is
money you have, no therapist is
money you have, no therapist is answering your call at 4:00 in the
answering your call at 4:00 in the
answering your call at 4:00 in the morning.
morning.
morning. And so I was like, "Wow,
And so I was like, "Wow,
And so I was like, "Wow, I can because I still have struggles
I can because I still have struggles
I can because I still have struggles with anxiety. I still have these issues
with anxiety. I still have these issues
with anxiety. I still have these issues that come up and especially with like
that come up and especially with like
that come up and especially with like launches of new things and you know,
launches of new things and you know,
launches of new things and you know, just am I always thinking am I being
just am I always thinking am I being
just am I always thinking am I being enough, good enough dad, all these
enough, good enough dad, all these
enough, good enough dad, all these things I wake up and I have stress
things I wake up and I have stress
things I wake up and I have stress about. Oh my gosh, I didn't do this or
about. Oh my gosh, I didn't do this or
about. Oh my gosh, I didn't do this or that.
that.
that. And so now it's like boom, it's right
And so now it's like boom, it's right
And so now it's like boom, it's right there at 4:00 in the morning and I don't
there at 4:00 in the morning and I don't
there at 4:00 in the morning and I don't have to do a whole hour session. I could
have to do a whole hour session. I could
have to do a whole hour session. I could do it for 5 minutes, 10 minutes. And it
do it for 5 minutes, 10 minutes. And it
do it for 5 minutes, 10 minutes. And it works. It works unbelievable. So what
works. It works unbelievable. So what
works. It works unbelievable. So what happens if you go, "I'm panicking?"
happens if you go, "I'm panicking?"
happens if you go, "I'm panicking?" Yeah, so literally, so you know, you go
Yeah, so literally, so you know, you go
Yeah, so literally, so you know, you go in and you get to choose like I like to
in and you get to choose like I like to
in and you get to choose like I like to be talked to like like I like a
be talked to like like I like a
be talked to like like I like a therapist that is like really direct or
therapist that is like really direct or
therapist that is like really direct or I like one that's more like light or one
I like one that's more like light or one
I like one that's more like light or one this. Like you get you kind of fine-tune
this. Like you get you kind of fine-tune
this. Like you get you kind of fine-tune it. It takes like 10 minutes.
it. It takes like 10 minutes.
it. It takes like 10 minutes. And then of course that's memory, so it
And then of course that's memory, so it
And then of course that's memory, so it never forgets anything. And you tell
never forgets anything. And you tell
never forgets anything. And you tell them what's going on. Mhm. And like I've
them what's going on. Mhm. And like I've
them what's going on. Mhm. And like I've started off saying like this is my core
started off saying like this is my core
started off saying like this is my core wound. I never felt that I was enough.
wound. I never felt that I was enough.
wound. I never felt that I was enough. And so this is what I've done, this is
And so this is what I've done, this is
And so this is what I've done, this is what helped me. I had this mantra-based
what helped me. I had this mantra-based
what helped me. I had this mantra-based meditation. I do these things. And so I
meditation. I do these things. And so I
meditation. I do these things. And so I taught it that. And then I teach it, you
taught it that. And then I teach it, you
taught it that. And then I teach it, you know, like okay, you know, one of my
know, like okay, you know, one of my
know, like okay, you know, one of my biggest sources of stress is this in my
biggest sources of stress is this in my
biggest sources of stress is this in my personal life or this. And so it starts
personal life or this. And so it starts
personal life or this. And so it starts figuring all this out and so then when I
figuring all this out and so then when I
figuring all this out and so then when I say I'm having a panic attack this
say I'm having a panic attack this
say I'm having a panic attack this morning,
morning,
morning, >> Mhm. it knows what to check in about.
>> Mhm. it knows what to check in about.
>> Mhm. it knows what to check in about. You know, well, how did you sleep for
You know, well, how did you sleep for
You know, well, how did you sleep for instance? One of the things that I have
instance? One of the things that I have
instance? One of the things that I have is like I have a really high like focus
is like I have a really high like focus
is like I have a really high like focus on sleep. And if I don't get a good
on sleep. And if I don't get a good
on sleep. And if I don't get a good night's sleep, I can feel off and it it
night's sleep, I can feel off and it it
night's sleep, I can feel off and it it feels almost like like if I ever have
feels almost like like if I ever have
feels almost like like if I ever have jet lag, it almost feels like
jet lag, it almost feels like
jet lag, it almost feels like depression. Like they kind of feel the
depression. Like they kind of feel the
depression. Like they kind of feel the same to me. And so it'll check in on my
same to me. And so it'll check in on my
same to me. And so it'll check in on my sleep and then it'll be like, "Okay,
sleep and then it'll be like, "Okay,
sleep and then it'll be like, "Okay, well, like one of the things that we've
well, like one of the things that we've
well, like one of the things that we've recognized, we like me and the
recognized, we like me and the
recognized, we like me and the therapist, it's so funny how it talks to
therapist, it's so funny how it talks to
therapist, it's so funny how it talks to you, is like that you know, you really
you, is like that you know, you really
you, is like that you know, you really um
um
um have a trouble when things get too
have a trouble when things get too
have a trouble when things get too performative.
performative.
performative. So when you're having to out there sell
So when you're having to out there sell
So when you're having to out there sell or do too much press or too much of
or do too much press or too much of
or do too much press or too much of that, like that's the old Blake. And it
that, like that's the old Blake. And it
that, like that's the old Blake. And it will call it like that's the I mean
will call it like that's the I mean
will call it like that's the I mean we've talked enough or it's like that's
we've talked enough or it's like that's
we've talked enough or it's like that's the Blake before all the all the growth.
the Blake before all the all the growth.
the Blake before all the all the growth. The new Blake likes connection. So are
The new Blake likes connection. So are
The new Blake likes connection. So are you having enough connection? And this
you having enough connection? And this
you having enough connection? And this week, what are you doing this week to
week, what are you doing this week to
week, what are you doing this week to have more connection?
have more connection?
have more connection? >> That's great. So it doesn't just do what
>> That's great. So it doesn't just do what
>> That's great. So it doesn't just do what like chat GPT does which is like, "Oh,
like chat GPT does which is like, "Oh,
like chat GPT does which is like, "Oh, you're great. You're perfect."
you're great. You're perfect."
you're great. You're perfect." >> yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
>> yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
>> yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, no, no, no, no, it's
yeah, yeah, yeah, no, no, no, no, it's
yeah, yeah, yeah, no, no, no, no, it's like so specific. And then it will be
like so specific. And then it will be
like so specific. And then it will be And then if I say, you know, what I'm
And then if I say, you know, what I'm
And then if I say, you know, what I'm doing on Thursday this week to have more
doing on Thursday this week to have more
doing on Thursday this week to have more connection, I'm going to commit to, you
connection, I'm going to commit to, you
connection, I'm going to commit to, you know, going on a run with my friend Pat.
know, going on a run with my friend Pat.
know, going on a run with my friend Pat. It'll send me a text message Thursday
It'll send me a text message Thursday
It'll send me a text message Thursday morning and say, "Hey, are you doing the
morning and say, "Hey, are you doing the
morning and say, "Hey, are you doing the run with Pat today?" Are we investing in
run with Pat today?" Are we investing in
run with Pat today?" Are we investing in this company that's happening?
this company that's happening?
this company that's happening? >> I want to. I want to. I mean literally
>> I want to. I want to. I mean literally
>> I want to. I want to. I mean literally right now, I literally just working with
right now, I literally just working with
right now, I literally just working with the founders. I'm One of the things I'm
the founders. I'm One of the things I'm
the founders. I'm One of the things I'm also trying to do a lot now is mentor
also trying to do a lot now is mentor
also trying to do a lot now is mentor young entrepreneurs, especially if
young entrepreneurs, especially if
young entrepreneurs, especially if they're building businesses that can
they're building businesses that can
they're building businesses that can help people with their mental health.
help people with their mental health.
help people with their mental health. And so when I met these guys, I was
And so when I met these guys, I was
And so when I met these guys, I was like, "Hey, like I don't know I get I
like, "Hey, like I don't know I get I
like, "Hey, like I don't know I get I first off I just want to try it myself."
first off I just want to try it myself."
first off I just want to try it myself." And then it was working so well and then
And then it was working so well and then
And then it was working so well and then they know the Tom story and and then my
they know the Tom story and and then my
they know the Tom story and and then my I presented at the mental health
I presented at the mental health
I presented at the mental health conference and they're like, "Hey, like
conference and they're like, "Hey, like
conference and they're like, "Hey, like can you help us some?" And so I've been
can you help us some?" And so I've been
can you help us some?" And so I've been mentoring them. So I might invest, we'll
mentoring them. So I might invest, we'll
mentoring them. So I might invest, we'll see. But I mean who knows where this is
see. But I mean who knows where this is
see. But I mean who knows where this is going. I don't even know if it's going
going. I don't even know if it's going
going. I don't even know if it's going to be legal. But right now it's free.
to be legal. But right now it's free.
to be legal. But right now it's free. And so you go to sonia.ai, so you can do
And so you go to sonia.ai, so you can do
And so you go to sonia.ai, so you can do it right now it's legal and it's free. I
it right now it's legal and it's free. I
it right now it's legal and it's free. I don't know if it will be forever. But um
don't know if it will be forever. But um
don't know if it will be forever. But um yeah. What about our business? That's
yeah. What about our business? That's
yeah. What about our business? That's really helping me. And
really helping me. And
really helping me. And and I guess the point I bring that up is
and I guess the point I bring that up is
and I guess the point I bring that up is is I think what helps me the most is to
is I think what helps me the most is to
is I think what helps me the most is to have
have
have um a dependable tool.
um a dependable tool.
um a dependable tool. And every tool that works for someone
And every tool that works for someone
And every tool that works for someone else. So some of my friends, one of my
else. So some of my friends, one of my
else. So some of my friends, one of my friends who's a recovering alcoholic and
friends who's a recovering alcoholic and
friends who's a recovering alcoholic and still deals with a lot of anxiety,
still deals with a lot of anxiety,
still deals with a lot of anxiety, starts to get, you know, out of sorts,
starts to get, you know, out of sorts,
starts to get, you know, out of sorts, cold plunge. You know, cold shower.
cold plunge. You know, cold shower.
cold plunge. You know, cold shower. That's his tool. Just boom. He doesn't
That's his tool. Just boom. He doesn't
That's his tool. Just boom. He doesn't He won't even like allow himself to call
He won't even like allow himself to call
He won't even like allow himself to call someone or talk to a therapist until he
someone or talk to a therapist until he
someone or talk to a therapist until he does that first. You know, right now
does that first. You know, right now
does that first. You know, right now this Sonia thing is my tool. And I you
this Sonia thing is my tool. And I you
this Sonia thing is my tool. And I you know, everyone has a tool, but I think
know, everyone has a tool, but I think
know, everyone has a tool, but I think that's the thing I would say is if
that's the thing I would say is if
that's the thing I would say is if someone's struggling, find a tool that
someone's struggling, find a tool that
someone's struggling, find a tool that can interrupt the rumination, the
can interrupt the rumination, the
can interrupt the rumination, the negative thinking, the you know, all
negative thinking, the you know, all
negative thinking, the you know, all that stuff. And so that's that's really
that stuff. And so that's that's really
that stuff. And so that's that's really a big tool for me. And then my other
a big tool for me. And then my other
a big tool for me. And then my other tool is my bracelet. You know, I just
tool is my bracelet. You know, I just
tool is my bracelet. You know, I just have it, I wear it, I talk about it. I
have it, I wear it, I talk about it. I
have it, I wear it, I talk about it. I you know, give it out to people all the
you know, give it out to people all the
you know, give it out to people all the time. Like tools are important.
time. Like tools are important.
time. Like tools are important. >> That's a good point. It's a pattern
>> That's a good point. It's a pattern
>> That's a good point. It's a pattern interrupt.
interrupt.
interrupt. >> Yeah, that's what we need cuz I think
>> Yeah, that's what we need cuz I think
>> Yeah, that's what we need cuz I think when we get out of sorts,
when we get out of sorts,
when we get out of sorts, you know, when we start feeling negative
you know, when we start feeling negative
you know, when we start feeling negative thoughts, when we start ruminating, when
thoughts, when we start ruminating, when
thoughts, when we start ruminating, when we you know, you know, it's all just a
we you know, you know, it's all just a
we you know, you know, it's all just a pattern. It's our brain. Like you know,
pattern. It's our brain. Like you know,
pattern. It's our brain. Like you know, it's just like the brain is sending I
it's just like the brain is sending I
it's just like the brain is sending I mean for years, for 40 something years
mean for years, for 40 something years
mean for years, for 40 something years my brain told me I wasn't enough.
my brain told me I wasn't enough.
my brain told me I wasn't enough. And so what I did for 40 days is I did a
And so what I did for 40 days is I did a
And so what I did for 40 days is I did a mantra-based meditation,
mantra-based meditation,
mantra-based meditation, 20 minutes in the morning, 20 minutes in
20 minutes in the morning, 20 minutes in
20 minutes in the morning, 20 minutes in the evening where I simply just said,
the evening where I simply just said,
the evening where I simply just said, "I'm enough.
"I'm enough.
"I'm enough. I've always been enough." And I'd like
I've always been enough." And I'd like
I've always been enough." And I'd like laugh cuz it was so silly. And it felt
laugh cuz it was so silly. And it felt
laugh cuz it was so silly. And it felt stupid for the first couple weeks. And
stupid for the first couple weeks. And
stupid for the first couple weeks. And then it started working. I started
then it started working. I started
then it started working. I started feeling it. But all I did was just
feeling it. But all I did was just
feeling it. But all I did was just change that pattern.
change that pattern.
change that pattern. >> I love that. Yeah, I just I just had
>> I love that. Yeah, I just I just had
>> I love that. Yeah, I just I just had Tony Robbins on the podcast.
Tony Robbins on the podcast.
Tony Robbins on the podcast. >> Oh, great. I love Tony. I I I you know,
>> Oh, great. I love Tony. I I I you know,
>> Oh, great. I love Tony. I I I you know, we've met briefly once. We've never
we've met briefly once. We've never
we've met briefly once. We've never spent any time together. I want to have
spent any time together. I want to have
spent any time together. I want to have him on my podcast cuz he talks a lot
him on my podcast cuz he talks a lot
him on my podcast cuz he talks a lot about feeling enough.
about feeling enough.
about feeling enough. >> Oh, yeah. And he has one of I think like
>> Oh, yeah. And he has one of I think like
>> Oh, yeah. And he has one of I think like the most intense presences than anybody
the most intense presences than anybody
the most intense presences than anybody that I
that I
that I met. So I was at his house and we spent
met. So I was at his house and we spent
met. So I was at his house and we spent a good amount of time with him and I
a good amount of time with him and I
a good amount of time with him and I remember like when he walked in the room
remember like when he walked in the room
remember like when he walked in the room I was like, "Whoa." Like that he's a big
I was like, "Whoa." Like that he's a big
I was like, "Whoa." Like that he's a big guy, right? But we've had a lot of big
guy, right? But we've had a lot of big
guy, right? But we've had a lot of big you know, there's a lot of big guys.
you know, there's a lot of big guys.
you know, there's a lot of big guys. >> Yeah. Um
>> Yeah. Um
>> Yeah. Um but what really took me away is like
but what really took me away is like
but what really took me away is like that man is locked in. I was like, "Oh
that man is locked in. I was like, "Oh
that man is locked in. I was like, "Oh [\h__\h] he knows what's going on in here.
[\h__\h] he knows what's going on in here.
[\h__\h] he knows what's going on in here. He's like so locked in." And then
He's like so locked in." And then
He's like so locked in." And then um kind of similar to you, he was like,
um kind of similar to you, he was like,
um kind of similar to you, he was like, it was a lot of curiosity which you seem
it was a lot of curiosity which you seem
it was a lot of curiosity which you seem to have the same thing. Like why are you
to have the same thing. Like why are you
to have the same thing. Like why are you this way? Why am I this way? And then
this way? Why am I this way? And then
this way? Why am I this way? And then once I figure it out, how do I put a
once I figure it out, how do I put a
once I figure it out, how do I put a tool in place to figure out the solution
tool in place to figure out the solution
tool in place to figure out the solution which I think is is really interesting.
which I think is is really interesting.
which I think is is really interesting. But he would be great for your podcast.
But he would be great for your podcast.
But he would be great for your podcast. Um I one of the other things I wanted to
Um I one of the other things I wanted to
Um I one of the other things I wanted to ask you about
ask you about
ask you about like now it's so interesting to me that
like now it's so interesting to me that
like now it's so interesting to me that you could have ever been in this dark
you could have ever been in this dark
you could have ever been in this dark place because the way you come off is
place because the way you come off is
place because the way you come off is like so so much joie de vivre, so much
like so so much joie de vivre, so much
like so so much joie de vivre, so much like, you know, big huge energy for
like, you know, big huge energy for
like, you know, big huge energy for life.
life.
life. >> Crazy. And so I was wondering like
>> Crazy. And so I was wondering like
>> Crazy. And so I was wondering like today, what has you
today, what has you
today, what has you what has you so excited? Obviously this.
what has you so excited? Obviously this.
what has you so excited? Obviously this. >> Yeah. But like when you wake up in the
>> Yeah. But like when you wake up in the
>> Yeah. But like when you wake up in the morning, is it that you're going to go
morning, is it that you're going to go
morning, is it that you're going to go surf that day? Is it that you get to
surf that day? Is it that you get to
surf that day? Is it that you get to build again? I I think what has me most
build again? I I think what has me most
build again? I I think what has me most excited about life right now is is
excited about life right now is is
excited about life right now is is service. It's like it's just like I'm
service. It's like it's just like I'm
service. It's like it's just like I'm getting to help people again. You've
getting to help people again. You've
getting to help people again. You've always been.
always been.
always been. >> I know right now this podcast, there's a
>> I know right now this podcast, there's a
>> I know right now this podcast, there's a 1,000% chance that there's someone
1,000% chance that there's someone
1,000% chance that there's someone listening who's really in a tough place.
listening who's really in a tough place.
listening who's really in a tough place. There's also probably people that
There's also probably people that
There's also probably people that feeling stuck, feeling uninspired,
feeling stuck, feeling uninspired,
feeling stuck, feeling uninspired, feeling insecure. Like I I felt those
feeling insecure. Like I I felt those
feeling insecure. Like I I felt those things. I mean for years, I didn't have
things. I mean for years, I didn't have
things. I mean for years, I didn't have one business idea for 7 years. For 2
one business idea for 7 years. For 2
one business idea for 7 years. For 2 years, I was a shell of myself. My
years, I was a shell of myself. My
years, I was a shell of myself. My friends say literally they look in my
friends say literally they look in my
friends say literally they look in my eyes and there was no one there. I mean
eyes and there was no one there. I mean
eyes and there was no one there. I mean I didn't I couldn't even raise my voice
I didn't I couldn't even raise my voice
I didn't I couldn't even raise my voice to this octave for 2 years. And so
to this octave for 2 years. And so
to this octave for 2 years. And so because I felt that way
because I felt that way
because I felt that way and
and
and it was so scary and it was so recent
it was so scary and it was so recent
it was so scary and it was so recent that I think I wake up now and I'm kind
that I think I wake up now and I'm kind
that I think I wake up now and I'm kind of like
>> [laughter]
>> [laughter] >> How do you engineer your life? Like it
>> How do you engineer your life? Like it
>> How do you engineer your life? Like it almost seems like you've adventured your
almost seems like you've adventured your
almost seems like you've adventured your entire career. It's one of the things I
entire career. It's one of the things I
entire career. It's one of the things I struggle with.
struggle with.
struggle with. >> Adventure? Yeah, like
>> Adventure? Yeah, like
>> Adventure? Yeah, like >> Oh yeah, I do. I I always make time for
>> Oh yeah, I do. I I always make time for
>> Oh yeah, I do. I I always make time for adventure. But how like so in my
adventure. But how like so in my
adventure. But how like so in my business, we were just talking about
business, we were just talking about
business, we were just talking about this. I'm like, "Man, when I'm in my
this. I'm like, "Man, when I'm in my
this. I'm like, "Man, when I'm in my little entrepreneurship grind, it's kind
little entrepreneurship grind, it's kind
little entrepreneurship grind, it's kind of all I do." Like I'm so deep in it. I
of all I do." Like I'm so deep in it. I
of all I do." Like I'm so deep in it. I talked to a lot of people that's the
talked to a lot of people that's the
talked to a lot of people that's the same. They're just like they grind every
same. They're just like they grind every
same. They're just like they grind every single day. And you seem like a type of
single day. And you seem like a type of
single day. And you seem like a type of person who has always integrated sort of
person who has always integrated sort of
person who has always integrated sort of the rest of life into it. How do you do
the rest of life into it. How do you do
the rest of life into it. How do you do that?
that?
that? >> Two things. One is I really schedule
>> Two things. One is I really schedule
>> Two things. One is I really schedule joy. So I believe that like a lot of
joy. So I believe that like a lot of
joy. So I believe that like a lot of people hope for joy or awe or these big
people hope for joy or awe or these big
people hope for joy or awe or these big moments to come to them. Like I put it
moments to come to them. Like I put it
moments to come to them. Like I put it on the calendar the same way you have a
on the calendar the same way you have a
on the calendar the same way you have a board meeting. Like I'm like, "For 1
board meeting. Like I'm like, "For 1
board meeting. Like I'm like, "For 1 week a month, I'm going surfing."
week a month, I'm going surfing."
week a month, I'm going surfing." Now I'll still You can't surf all day
Now I'll still You can't surf all day
Now I'll still You can't surf all day long. So I'll surf from 5:00 in the
long. So I'll surf from 5:00 in the
long. So I'll surf from 5:00 in the morning till 10:00. Get my joy. I'll do
morning till 10:00. Get my joy. I'll do
morning till 10:00. Get my joy. I'll do Zoom calls from 10:00 to 4:00. And then
Zoom calls from 10:00 to 4:00. And then
Zoom calls from 10:00 to 4:00. And then me and my lady will go for a walk on the
me and my lady will go for a walk on the
me and my lady will go for a walk on the beach. We'll have a nice dinner. We'll
beach. We'll have a nice dinner. We'll
beach. We'll have a nice dinner. We'll do, you know, a sunset. And that's my
do, you know, a sunset. And that's my
do, you know, a sunset. And that's my day. And that is like as important as
day. And that is like as important as
day. And that is like as important as the press week in New York last week.
the press week in New York last week.
the press week in New York last week. And so I really really schedule that and
And so I really really schedule that and
And so I really really schedule that and that's, you know,
that's, you know,
that's, you know, that's nice that I can go somewhere say
that's nice that I can go somewhere say
that's nice that I can go somewhere say where there's surf or whatever. Not
where there's surf or whatever. Not
where there's surf or whatever. Not every person can do that. But what is
every person can do that. But what is
every person can do that. But what is that for you? Like what is that joy? Is
that for you? Like what is that joy? Is
that for you? Like what is that joy? Is it taking guitar lessons? Is it learning
it taking guitar lessons? Is it learning
it taking guitar lessons? Is it learning something new on YouTube? Like what is
something new on YouTube? Like what is
something new on YouTube? Like what is that thing cuz if you don't schedule
that thing cuz if you don't schedule
that thing cuz if you don't schedule that,
that,
that, then like what's the purpose? You know,
then like what's the purpose? You know,
then like what's the purpose? You know, what's the point? Because Do you do that
what's the point? Because Do you do that
what's the point? Because Do you do that every day, too? No, I wish. I wish. I
every day, too? No, I wish. I wish. I
every day, too? No, I wish. I wish. I mean if I'm really really like operating
mean if I'm really really like operating
mean if I'm really really like operating at 10 out of 10, then I'm like making
at 10 out of 10, then I'm like making
at 10 out of 10, then I'm like making sure I protect a couple hours, you know,
sure I protect a couple hours, you know,
sure I protect a couple hours, you know, early in the morning to, you know,
early in the morning to, you know,
early in the morning to, you know, usually it's physical activity or it's
usually it's physical activity or it's
usually it's physical activity or it's playing golf like nine holes at sunset,
playing golf like nine holes at sunset,
playing golf like nine holes at sunset, you know, with my son or with my friends
you know, with my son or with my friends
you know, with my son or with my friends or whatever.
or whatever.
or whatever. >> Yeah. So but it's at least once a month.
>> Yeah. So but it's at least once a month.
>> Yeah. So but it's at least once a month. So but once a month I try to schedule
So but once a month I try to schedule
So but once a month I try to schedule it. Now it's don't know I always get a
it. Now it's don't know I always get a
it. Now it's don't know I always get a week, no. But I definitely get at least
week, no. But I definitely get at least
week, no. But I definitely get at least a four day four days. There's there's
a four day four days. There's there's
a four day four days. There's there's not a month that goes by that I don't
not a month that goes by that I don't
not a month that goes by that I don't have four days where I'm just like, "See
have four days where I'm just like, "See
have four days where I'm just like, "See you."
you."
you." And do you always do something weird
And do you always do something weird
And do you always do something weird like like going to India or like surf
like like going to India or like surf
like like going to India or like surf It's not just like
It's not just like
It's not just like it seems like there
it seems like there
it seems like there >> That's more my personality than I think
>> That's more my personality than I think
>> That's more my personality than I think what I would share like going back to
what I would share like going back to
what I would share like going back to how do we help the person who's
how do we help the person who's
how do we help the person who's listening to this and focusing on them.
listening to this and focusing on them.
listening to this and focusing on them. Like yes, I do a lot of just crazy
Like yes, I do a lot of just crazy
Like yes, I do a lot of just crazy adventures cuz that's just always how
adventures cuz that's just always how
adventures cuz that's just always how I've been. Like you know, I've always
I've been. Like you know, I've always
I've been. Like you know, I've always been, you know, racing cars or climbing
been, you know, racing cars or climbing
been, you know, racing cars or climbing mountains or I mean I just I like the
mountains or I mean I just I like the
mountains or I mean I just I like the adrenaline of those things. But also I
adrenaline of those things. But also I
adrenaline of those things. But also I think you can schedule this, you know,
think you can schedule this, you know,
think you can schedule this, you know, if someone's just like, "I love reading
if someone's just like, "I love reading
if someone's just like, "I love reading and I'm going to schedule four days
and I'm going to schedule four days
and I'm going to schedule four days where I go could be like the, you know,
where I go could be like the, you know,
where I go could be like the, you know, you go camping. It costs nothing and I'm
you go camping. It costs nothing and I'm
you go camping. It costs nothing and I'm just going to sit and read the books
just going to sit and read the books
just going to sit and read the books that I've been waiting to read for 2
that I've been waiting to read for 2
that I've been waiting to read for 2 years. You know, or I'm going to go and
years. You know, or I'm going to go and
years. You know, or I'm going to go and just like one thing I did that was I
just like one thing I did that was I
just like one thing I did that was I guess it was a little bit out there, but
guess it was a little bit out there, but
guess it was a little bit out there, but very simple was I hiked the Camino trail
very simple was I hiked the Camino trail
very simple was I hiked the Camino trail for a week with Alejo this summer.
for a week with Alejo this summer.
for a week with Alejo this summer. So, we just walked for a week. I'm a
So, we just walked for a week. I'm a
So, we just walked for a week. I'm a big walker. Yeah, we just walked. We got
big walker. Yeah, we just walked. We got
big walker. Yeah, we just walked. We got up, walked, ate, walked. Like it was the
up, walked, ate, walked. Like it was the
up, walked, ate, walked. Like it was the most boring thing I've ever done and one
most boring thing I've ever done and one
most boring thing I've ever done and one of the most profound. Because of my
of the most profound. Because of my
of the most profound. Because of my whole nervous system reset and I was
whole nervous system reset and I was
whole nervous system reset and I was able to process
able to process
able to process the depression and all the things I went
the depression and all the things I went
the depression and all the things I went through and the pain I caused others and
through and the pain I caused others and
through and the pain I caused others and the pain others caused me and I was able
the pain others caused me and I was able
the pain others caused me and I was able to forgive them and forgive myself and I
to forgive them and forgive myself and I
to forgive them and forgive myself and I was like, man, this is better than any
was like, man, this is better than any
was like, man, this is better than any therapy retreat I've ever been to. And
therapy retreat I've ever been to. And
therapy retreat I've ever been to. And all I did for a week was walk. I love
all I did for a week was walk. I love
all I did for a week was walk. I love that.
that.
that. >> and so so I think it could be I could
>> and so so I think it could be I could
>> and so so I think it could be I could have done I did that in Spain, but I
have done I did that in Spain, but I
have done I did that in Spain, but I could have done that, you know, in Moran
could have done that, you know, in Moran
could have done that, you know, in Moran where I live, you know? Yeah.
where I live, you know? Yeah.
where I live, you know? Yeah. >> So so I think that Actually, I did Yeah.
>> So so I think that Actually, I did Yeah.
>> So so I think that Actually, I did Yeah. I just looked up. This is so funny, but
I just looked up. This is so funny, but
I just looked up. This is so funny, but my hobby this year is literally more
my hobby this year is literally more
my hobby this year is literally more walking because I like thinking
walking because I like thinking
walking because I like thinking >> a lot while walking. But do you know
>> a lot while walking. But do you know
>> a lot while walking. But do you know that there are 52 trails in the US where
that there are 52 trails in the US where
that there are 52 trails in the US where you can do more than a 7-day walk that
you can do more than a 7-day walk that
you can do more than a 7-day walk that are supposed to be seen as highly scenic
are supposed to be seen as highly scenic
are supposed to be seen as highly scenic Yeah. and you can camp along them. So,
Yeah. and you can camp along them. So,
Yeah. and you can camp along them. So, like if you chat GPT it right now
like if you chat GPT it right now
like if you chat GPT it right now anybody listening, totally free, maybe 7
anybody listening, totally free, maybe 7
anybody listening, totally free, maybe 7 12 bucks to camp.
12 bucks to camp.
12 bucks to camp. >> Yeah. And then you can go for a walk.
>> Yeah. And then you can go for a walk.
>> Yeah. And then you can go for a walk. Maybe we can start walking all around
Maybe we can start walking all around
Maybe we can start walking all around the country and having beautiful ideas
the country and having beautiful ideas
the country and having beautiful ideas while you do it and not being sedentary
while you do it and not being sedentary
while you do it and not being sedentary like your chair.
like your chair.
like your chair. >> Exactly. So, that we can get all our
>> Exactly. So, that we can get all our
>> Exactly. So, that we can get all our steps in.
steps in.
steps in. >> Sitting is the new smoking. Who knew?
>> Sitting is the new smoking. Who knew?
>> Sitting is the new smoking. Who knew? Blake walking episode.
Blake walking episode.
Blake walking episode. >> Here's the Here's the slogan I'm
>> Here's the Here's the slogan I'm
>> Here's the Here's the slogan I'm pitching we're talking to a chair
pitching we're talking to a chair
pitching we're talking to a chair company and I'll see what you think as a
company and I'll see what you think as a
company and I'll see what you think as a business person. Really simple.
business person. Really simple.
business person. Really simple. Never still.
Never still.
Never still. Oh god, that's true. Plus I'm into that.
Oh god, that's true. Plus I'm into that.
Oh god, that's true. Plus I'm into that. I don't like being still.
I don't like being still.
I don't like being still. >> Yeah. So, now when you're sitting the
>> Yeah. So, now when you're sitting the
>> Yeah. So, now when you're sitting the other thing about the chair thing, not
other thing about the chair thing, not
other thing about the chair thing, not to make this all about that, but they're
to make this all about that, but they're
to make this all about that, but they're going to love this.
going to love this.
going to love this. >> [laughter]
>> [laughter]
>> [laughter] >> This is this is how you got here. Is So,
>> This is this is how you got here. Is So,
>> This is this is how you got here. Is So, they thought it was to help, you know,
they thought it was to help, you know,
they thought it was to help, you know, with get people, you know, not being
with get people, you know, not being
with get people, you know, not being still, you know, help with the back
still, you know, help with the back
still, you know, help with the back pain, help with the you know, but what
pain, help with the you know, but what
pain, help with the you know, but what they found like the biggest hack is
they found like the biggest hack is
they found like the biggest hack is people with ADHD.
people with ADHD.
people with ADHD. Because what happens do you? Totally.
Because what happens do you? Totally.
Because what happens do you? Totally. Okay, so you know how like when you're
Okay, so you know how like when you're
Okay, so you know how like when you're if you really focus on something, you
if you really focus on something, you
if you really focus on something, you kind of need to be doing something else.
kind of need to be doing something else.
kind of need to be doing something else. >> Oh, totally.
>> Oh, totally.
>> Oh, totally. >> You like to fidget, you like to doodle,
>> You like to fidget, you like to doodle,
>> You like to fidget, you like to doodle, you ring. So, they've shown that you can
you ring. So, they've shown that you can
you ring. So, they've shown that you can really focus. Well, we've done all this
really focus. Well, we've done all this
really focus. Well, we've done all this research to show that by sitting this
research to show that by sitting this
research to show that by sitting this chair, your body is just doing this kind
chair, your body is just doing this kind
chair, your body is just doing this kind of you barely see it and it allows you
of you barely see it and it allows you
of you barely see it and it allows you to hyperfocus on whatever you're doing.
to hyperfocus on whatever you're doing.
to hyperfocus on whatever you're doing. I'm sold. Yeah, you're getting one for
I'm sold. Yeah, you're getting one for
I'm sold. Yeah, you're getting one for sure. Totally sold.
sure. Totally sold.
sure. Totally sold. >> hopefully all your guests will be
>> hopefully all your guests will be
>> hopefully all your guests will be sitting in one. Okay, so I want to leave
sitting in one. Okay, so I want to leave
sitting in one. Okay, so I want to leave the person listening here that like just
the person listening here that like just
the person listening here that like just needs to listen to Blake today. Like
needs to listen to Blake today. Like
needs to listen to Blake today. Like your parting words. So, like there's
your parting words. So, like there's
your parting words. So, like there's that person out there you know you have
that person out there you know you have
that person out there you know you have something to imbue to them. What comes
something to imbue to them. What comes
something to imbue to them. What comes to you first? What do you want to leave
to you first? What do you want to leave
to you first? What do you want to leave the listener?
I just think that
I just think that what I want to say is that
it will pass.
it will pass. You know, no matter what you're going
You know, no matter what you're going
You know, no matter what you're going through, no matter how hard it is,
through, no matter how hard it is,
through, no matter how hard it is, like just it will get better. It always
like just it will get better. It always
like just it will get better. It always does if you just hang on and
does if you just hang on and
does if you just hang on and you take the steps to do the things. So,
you take the steps to do the things. So,
you take the steps to do the things. So, go out for the walk, you know, you know,
go out for the walk, you know, you know,
go out for the walk, you know, you know, reach out to a friend, you know,
reach out to a friend, you know,
reach out to a friend, you know, journal for for 30 seconds. Not even 5
journal for for 30 seconds. Not even 5
journal for for 30 seconds. Not even 5 minutes, just just 30 seconds of
minutes, just just 30 seconds of
minutes, just just 30 seconds of something that you're appreciative of.
something that you're appreciative of.
something that you're appreciative of. But
But
But no matter how hard it is, it will pass.
no matter how hard it is, it will pass.
no matter how hard it is, it will pass. I didn't think it was going to pass. I
I didn't think it was going to pass. I
I didn't think it was going to pass. I thought I was trapped. I thought I'd
thought I was trapped. I thought I'd
thought I was trapped. I thought I'd made too many mistakes. I had too much
made too many mistakes. I had too much
made too many mistakes. I had too much shame.
shame.
shame. And that's why I had such dark thoughts.
And that's why I had such dark thoughts.
And that's why I had such dark thoughts. But looking back now,
But looking back now,
But looking back now, I'm like
I'm like
I'm like it was always going to pass. I just had
it was always going to pass. I just had
it was always going to pass. I just had to hold on. I just had to start doing
to hold on. I just had to start doing
to hold on. I just had to start doing one thing at a time. I just had
one thing at a time. I just had
one thing at a time. I just had McConaughey on my podcast and he talks
McConaughey on my podcast and he talks
McConaughey on my podcast and he talks about one in a row. Just get one in a
about one in a row. Just get one in a
about one in a row. Just get one in a row today. And so that would be my
row today. And so that would be my
row today. And so that would be my advice is like knowing like or not even
advice is like knowing like or not even
advice is like knowing like or not even advice, just like just I want you to
advice, just like just I want you to
advice, just like just I want you to hear that it will pass and it will get
hear that it will pass and it will get
hear that it will pass and it will get better, but you got to do the work.
better, but you got to do the work.
better, but you got to do the work. You got to put it in.
You got to put it in.
You got to put it in. Blake, who would have thought the least
Blake, who would have thought the least
Blake, who would have thought the least interesting thing about you is that you
interesting thing about you is that you
interesting thing about you is that you sold your company for 600 million bucks.
sold your company for 600 million bucks.
sold your company for 600 million bucks. Least interesting. Thank you so much for
Least interesting. Thank you so much for
Least interesting. Thank you so much for being here today. I'm Oh, hold on. Got
being here today. I'm Oh, hold on. Got
being here today. I'm Oh, hold on. Got to give you a bracelet before we're
to give you a bracelet before we're
to give you a bracelet before we're done. Oh, we're going to do it right
done. Oh, we're going to do it right
done. Oh, we're going to do it right now.
now.
now. I love this.
I love this.
I love this. >> So, here we go.
>> So, here we go.
>> So, here we go. So, we take one out. This one's for you
So, we take one out. This one's for you
So, we take one out. This one's for you and it says So, you got to make sure I
and it says So, you got to make sure I
and it says So, you got to make sure I do this right.
do this right.
do this right. Yep. So, open your palm. Okay. Okay, and
Yep. So, open your palm. Okay. Okay, and
Yep. So, open your palm. Okay. Okay, and for those who are listening, I'm putting
for those who are listening, I'm putting
for those who are listening, I'm putting enough bracelets
enough bracelets
enough bracelets Matches my outfit today. I didn't even
Matches my outfit today. I didn't even
Matches my outfit today. I didn't even wear green on purpose. And
wear green on purpose. And
wear green on purpose. And >> I love this. I'm going to read you
>> I love this. I'm going to read you
>> I love this. I'm going to read you something. Okay? So, this is a little
something. Okay? So, this is a little
something. Okay? So, this is a little poem. Do you know the poet NQ? Mhm. So,
poem. Do you know the poet NQ? Mhm. So,
poem. Do you know the poet NQ? Mhm. So, he's an amazing poet, friend of mine and
he's an amazing poet, friend of mine and
he's an amazing poet, friend of mine and I said, how do I share this with someone
I said, how do I share this with someone
I said, how do I share this with someone besides just giving to him? Like what
besides just giving to him? Like what
besides just giving to him? Like what like if I really want them to feel this
like if I really want them to feel this
like if I really want them to feel this this then what can we say? So, here it
this then what can we say? So, here it
this then what can we say? So, here it is.
is.
is. So, Cody,
So, Cody,
So, Cody, I see you. The you behind the you.
I see you. The you behind the you.
I see you. The you behind the you. Not for anything you've done or anything
Not for anything you've done or anything
Not for anything you've done or anything you're going to do.
you're going to do.
you're going to do. I don't stop to say it enough, but I
I don't stop to say it enough, but I
I don't stop to say it enough, but I believe in you.
believe in you.
believe in you. And if you could see yourself from my
And if you could see yourself from my
And if you could see yourself from my view, you'd believe it, too.
view, you'd believe it, too.
view, you'd believe it, too. That's why I'm giving you the gift
That's why I'm giving you the gift
That's why I'm giving you the gift that I'm receiving, too.
that I'm receiving, too.
that I'm receiving, too. A message to remind you when you're lost
A message to remind you when you're lost
A message to remind you when you're lost or feeling blue.
or feeling blue.
or feeling blue. A mantra to repeat when times are tough
A mantra to repeat when times are tough
A mantra to repeat when times are tough because no matter who we are, we are
because no matter who we are, we are
because no matter who we are, we are always enough.
always enough.
always enough. It's a silent prayer I'm sending for the
It's a silent prayer I'm sending for the
It's a silent prayer I'm sending for the world's mental health. I wear the symbol
world's mental health. I wear the symbol
world's mental health. I wear the symbol as my for myself and now as a bond to
as my for myself and now as a bond to
as my for myself and now as a bond to someone else. It's a blessing and a
someone else. It's a blessing and a
someone else. It's a blessing and a gentle push to never give up
gentle push to never give up
gentle push to never give up because no matter who you are, you are
because no matter who you are, you are
because no matter who you are, you are enough. Ah, so good. Beautiful. Also,
enough. Ah, so good. Beautiful. Also,
enough. Ah, so good. Beautiful. Also, why you're a marketing legend. Blake,
why you're a marketing legend. Blake,
why you're a marketing legend. Blake, thank you so much for being here today.
thank you so much for being here today.
thank you so much for being here today. >> Thank you for having me. Um where can
>> Thank you for having me. Um where can
>> Thank you for having me. Um where can people go to find you? Um weareenough.co
people go to find you? Um weareenough.co
people go to find you? Um weareenough.co is the website for Enough and then I'm
is the website for Enough and then I'm
is the website for Enough and then I'm on Instagram at @blakemik and the pivot
on Instagram at @blakemik and the pivot
on Instagram at @blakemik and the pivot chair p v o t. Yeah, we'll put all the
chair p v o t. Yeah, we'll put all the
chair p v o t. Yeah, we'll put all the links down below. And the 30 people that
links down below. And the 30 people that
links down below. And the 30 people that I would love to be our ambassadors, I'm
I would love to be our ambassadors, I'm
I would love to be our ambassadors, I'm looking to your community to help me get
looking to your community to help me get
looking to your community to help me get to them. I like it.
to them. I like it.
to them. I like it. >> love this idea. And we'll ping somebody
>> love this idea. And we'll ping somebody
>> love this idea. And we'll ping somebody uh with your brilliant market I
uh with your brilliant market I
uh with your brilliant market I marketing ideas, too, and help them find
marketing ideas, too, and help them find
marketing ideas, too, and help them find that. What did we call it? We called it
that. What did we call it? We called it
that. What did we call it? We called it utility marketing.
utility marketing.
utility marketing. We got a little trademark for Blake to
We got a little trademark for Blake to
We got a little trademark for Blake to do.
do.
do. >> I think I want to do 10 people. Woah. 10
>> I think I want to do 10 people. Woah. 10
>> I think I want to do 10 people. Woah. 10 people. I love it. 10 people. Tell us
people. I love it. 10 people. Tell us
people. I love it. 10 people. Tell us what you need help with utility
what you need help with utility
what you need help with utility marketing. What are they going to
marketing. What are they going to
marketing. What are they going to comment? So, they're going to comment on
comment? So, they're going to comment on
comment? So, they're going to comment on YouTube. Basically, just tell us what
YouTube. Basically, just tell us what
YouTube. Basically, just tell us what your product is and And then I'll just
your product is and And then I'll just
your product is and And then I'll just make them a video of my idea. Ah, I love
make them a video of my idea. Ah, I love
make them a video of my idea. Ah, I love this idea. All right, you're the man,
this idea. All right, you're the man,
this idea. All right, you're the man, Blake. This was so great.
Blake. This was so great.
Blake. This was so great. >> [music]
