---
channel: How Leaders Lead with David Novak
collected_at: 2026-04-08T01:40:49.427728+00:00
original_input_url: https://youtu.be/F_TfO2IN98c?si=BEqD6ltconGt0IM2
published_at: 20260226
source_group: youtube
source_id: youtube_F_TfO2IN98c
source_type: youtube_auto_caption
title: TOMS Shoes Founder on the Success That Nearly Broke Him
uploader: How Leaders Lead with David Novak
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F_TfO2IN98c
---

Hello everyone and welcome to another
Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of How Leaders Lead with David
episode of How Leaders Lead with David
episode of How Leaders Lead with David Novak. Today's guest is Blake Mikoski.
Novak. Today's guest is Blake Mikoski.
Novak. Today's guest is Blake Mikoski. And you might remember Blake as the
And you might remember Blake as the
And you might remember Blake as the founder of Tom's Shoes, which is a brand
founder of Tom's Shoes, which is a brand
founder of Tom's Shoes, which is a brand that really helped redefine how people
that really helped redefine how people
that really helped redefine how people think about business and impact. Blake
think about business and impact. Blake
think about business and impact. Blake grew Tom Shoes to a $700 million
grew Tom Shoes to a $700 million
grew Tom Shoes to a $700 million business based on a simple idea. Sell a
business based on a simple idea. Sell a
business based on a simple idea. Sell a pair of shoes and give a pair of shoes
pair of shoes and give a pair of shoes
pair of shoes and give a pair of shoes away to a child in need. Now, that
away to a child in need. Now, that
away to a child in need. Now, that success didn't protect Blake from a
success didn't protect Blake from a
success didn't protect Blake from a 7-year battle with depression. And after
7-year battle with depression. And after
7-year battle with depression. And after he sold Tom's, he really lost his sense
he sold Tom's, he really lost his sense
he sold Tom's, he really lost his sense of purpose and nearly lost himself.
of purpose and nearly lost himself.
of purpose and nearly lost himself. Today, Blake is back with a new mission.
Today, Blake is back with a new mission.
Today, Blake is back with a new mission. He's tackling the mental health crisis
He's tackling the mental health crisis
He's tackling the mental health crisis through his brand, Enough, which seeks
through his brand, Enough, which seeks
through his brand, Enough, which seeks to empower people to talk about how
to empower people to talk about how
to empower people to talk about how they're really doing so that everyone in
they're really doing so that everyone in
they're really doing so that everyone in this world feels a little less alone and
this world feels a little less alone and
this world feels a little less alone and everybody knows that [music] they are
everybody knows that [music] they are
everybody knows that [music] they are enough. For Blake, staying connected to
enough. For Blake, staying connected to
enough. For Blake, staying connected to your why is absolutely critical in
your why is absolutely critical in
your why is absolutely critical in business and it is essential in life.
business and it is essential in life.
business and it is essential in life. Enjoyed this conversation between David
Enjoyed this conversation between David
Enjoyed this conversation between David and Blake and I will see you at the very
and Blake and I will see you at the very
and Blake and I will see you at the very end of the episode for the debrief.
Before we get into Tom's, you know, and
Before we get into Tom's, you know, and and what you're doing with enough both
and what you're doing with enough both
and what you're doing with enough both fantastic causes, you know, I want to
fantastic causes, you know, I want to
fantastic causes, you know, I want to take you take you back a little bit.
take you take you back a little bit.
take you take you back a little bit. What's the story from your your
What's the story from your your
What's the story from your your childhood that shaped the kind of leader
childhood that shaped the kind of leader
childhood that shaped the kind of leader you are today?
you are today?
you are today? >> I mean, I think it really was just
>> I mean, I think it really was just
>> I mean, I think it really was just having amazing parents. you know, my my
having amazing parents. you know, my my
having amazing parents. you know, my my dad was a doctor and a great leader in
dad was a doctor and a great leader in
dad was a doctor and a great leader in his community and and the hospitals that
his community and and the hospitals that
his community and and the hospitals that he helped, you know, run and my my mom
he helped, you know, run and my my mom
he helped, you know, run and my my mom wrote a cookbook and sold millions of
wrote a cookbook and sold millions of
wrote a cookbook and sold millions of copies of it and helped people with
copies of it and helped people with
copies of it and helped people with their health. And I just think that, you
their health. And I just think that, you
their health. And I just think that, you know, I had such great role models with
know, I had such great role models with
know, I had such great role models with them growing up about wanting to do
them growing up about wanting to do
them growing up about wanting to do things to help people that it really
things to help people that it really
things to help people that it really shaped, you know, who I became. Now, so
shaped, you know, who I became. Now, so
shaped, you know, who I became. Now, so when you were you were coming up as a
when you were you were coming up as a
when you were you were coming up as a kid, do do you recall an experience
kid, do do you recall an experience
kid, do do you recall an experience where you really realized for the first
where you really realized for the first
where you really realized for the first time what leadership is all about?
time what leadership is all about?
time what leadership is all about? >> Uh, I think actually in my first
>> Uh, I think actually in my first
>> Uh, I think actually in my first business, I had a laundry business. I
business, I had a laundry business. I
business, I had a laundry business. I would do pick up and delivery laundry on
would do pick up and delivery laundry on
would do pick up and delivery laundry on my college campus. And you know, I think
my college campus. And you know, I think
my college campus. And you know, I think what I realized in that business was I
what I realized in that business was I
what I realized in that business was I had to do every single part of the
had to do every single part of the
had to do every single part of the business in order to be a good leader of
business in order to be a good leader of
business in order to be a good leader of the business. And that meant staying up
the business. And that meant staying up
the business. And that meant staying up all night doing people's laundry myself,
all night doing people's laundry myself,
all night doing people's laundry myself, not just picking up and delivering it.
not just picking up and delivering it.
not just picking up and delivering it. That meant learning about all the
That meant learning about all the
That meant learning about all the different, you know, chemicals used and
different, you know, chemicals used and
different, you know, chemicals used and dry cleaning so that I could talk to the
dry cleaning so that I could talk to the
dry cleaning so that I could talk to the customer with confidence. Um, you know,
customer with confidence. Um, you know,
customer with confidence. Um, you know, I had to get my hands dirty, you know,
I had to get my hands dirty, you know,
I had to get my hands dirty, you know, no pun intended. [laughter] Um, and and
no pun intended. [laughter] Um, and and
no pun intended. [laughter] Um, and and that's not what I set out to do.
that's not what I set out to do.
that's not what I set out to do. Originally, I was just going to pick up
Originally, I was just going to pick up
Originally, I was just going to pick up and deliver the laundry. And it wasn't
and deliver the laundry. And it wasn't
and deliver the laundry. And it wasn't until we got going that I realized I
until we got going that I realized I
until we got going that I realized I actually had to do the laundry uh to be
actually had to do the laundry uh to be
actually had to do the laundry uh to be able to manage the people that would
able to manage the people that would
able to manage the people that would ultimately do it every day.
ultimately do it every day.
ultimately do it every day. >> Yeah. I learned a little bit about that
>> Yeah. I learned a little bit about that
>> Yeah. I learned a little bit about that business and and it's a great business,
business and and it's a great business,
business and and it's a great business, but you realized you really had to
but you realized you really had to
but you realized you really had to target the parents. That's a cool that
target the parents. That's a cool that
target the parents. That's a cool that that was how did you get that insight?
that was how did you get that insight?
that was how did you get that insight? >> That's the best marketing story. So
>> That's the best marketing story. So
>> That's the best marketing story. So that's really I mean talking about
that's really I mean talking about
that's really I mean talking about marketing. So, we launched the business
marketing. So, we launched the business
marketing. So, we launched the business and we offered it to all the students at
and we offered it to all the students at
and we offered it to all the students at SMU where I went to college and we
SMU where I went to college and we
SMU where I went to college and we hardly got any customers and and we were
hardly got any customers and and we were
hardly got any customers and and we were really kind of thought we were just kind
really kind of thought we were just kind
really kind of thought we were just kind of dead in the water with this idea. We
of dead in the water with this idea. We
of dead in the water with this idea. We didn't understand why because we knew
didn't understand why because we knew
didn't understand why because we knew kids didn't like doing their laundry,
kids didn't like doing their laundry,
kids didn't like doing their laundry, but we couldn't get them to fork over
but we couldn't get them to fork over
but we couldn't get them to fork over the money um for us to pick up and
the money um for us to pick up and
the money um for us to pick up and deliver it. Then the the next year we
deliver it. Then the the next year we
deliver it. Then the the next year we got a booth um right at the orientation
got a booth um right at the orientation
got a booth um right at the orientation and our booth was right next to where
and our booth was right next to where
and our booth was right next to where you bought the books and I think right
you bought the books and I think right
you bought the books and I think right between where you got your meal plan and
between where you got your meal plan and
between where you got your meal plan and so what happened was by being there by
so what happened was by being there by
so what happened was by being there by having that booth there every parent
having that booth there every parent
having that booth there every parent assumed that every student signed up for
assumed that every student signed up for
assumed that every student signed up for laundry service because it was like of
laundry service because it was like of
laundry service because it was like of course they're have to buy books and of
course they're have to buy books and of
course they're have to buy books and of course they have to eat so laundry in
course they have to eat so laundry in
course they have to eat so laundry in the middle let's sign up for that too
the middle let's sign up for that too
the middle let's sign up for that too and literally went from having like no
and literally went from having like no
and literally went from having like no business to hundreds of thousands of
business to hundreds of thousands of
business to hundreds of thousands of dollars in laundry sales in one day. And
dollars in laundry sales in one day. And
dollars in laundry sales in one day. And that's when I dropped out of college and
that's when I dropped out of college and
that's when I dropped out of college and never went back. [laughter]
never went back. [laughter]
never went back. [laughter] >> Oh my god. Well, that that is such a
>> Oh my god. Well, that that is such a
>> Oh my god. Well, that that is such a great story. And and now I know why you
great story. And and now I know why you
great story. And and now I know why you were staying up all night doing the
were staying up all night doing the
were staying up all night doing the laundry. That was a big start, you know.
laundry. That was a big start, you know.
laundry. That was a big start, you know. >> Oh yeah. Yeah.
>> Oh yeah. Yeah.
>> Oh yeah. Yeah. >> At what point like did you realize that
>> At what point like did you realize that
>> At what point like did you realize that you were really wired to start up things
you were really wired to start up things
you were really wired to start up things and create things?
and create things?
and create things? >> You know, it was interesting. I remember
>> You know, it was interesting. I remember
>> You know, it was interesting. I remember going to Bank of America uh to get my
going to Bank of America uh to get my
going to Bank of America uh to get my checking account set up for Easy Laundry
checking account set up for Easy Laundry
checking account set up for Easy Laundry and I was 19 years old. Um and uh and
and I was 19 years old. Um and uh and
and I was 19 years old. Um and uh and the guy said, "Man, you're a young
the guy said, "Man, you're a young
the guy said, "Man, you're a young entrepreneur." And I had no idea what
entrepreneur." And I had no idea what
entrepreneur." And I had no idea what that word meant. I mean, I never had
that word meant. I mean, I never had
that word meant. I mean, I never had heard it in my life. And so I literally
heard it in my life. And so I literally
heard it in my life. And so I literally went back and this obviously dates me. I
went back and this obviously dates me. I
went back and this obviously dates me. I probably looked up in a dictionary um
probably looked up in a dictionary um
probably looked up in a dictionary um you know the word entrepreneur and I
you know the word entrepreneur and I
you know the word entrepreneur and I don't remember exactly the definition
don't remember exactly the definition
don't remember exactly the definition but I was like yeah that sounds about
but I was like yeah that sounds about
but I was like yeah that sounds about like me and from that day on my identity
like me and from that day on my identity
like me and from that day on my identity was I'm an entrepreneur you know I I
was I'm an entrepreneur you know I I
was I'm an entrepreneur you know I I heard you say that you know when you're
heard you say that you know when you're
heard you say that you know when you're young and you start business and you
young and you start business and you
young and you start business and you started a few businesses even before you
started a few businesses even before you
started a few businesses even before you got to Tom's you know you said you got
got to Tom's you know you said you got
got to Tom's you know you said you got to fake yeah five companies that's a lot
to fake yeah five companies that's a lot
to fake yeah five companies that's a lot of companies that's a lot of ideas you
of companies that's a lot of ideas you
of companies that's a lot of ideas you have but but you said that you know when
have but but you said that you know when
have but but you said that you know when you're young and you're starting up this
you're young and you're starting up this
you're young and you're starting up this business, you you have to fake it until
business, you you have to fake it until
business, you you have to fake it until you make it. Explain.
you make it. Explain.
you make it. Explain. >> Sometimes you just got to act the part.
>> Sometimes you just got to act the part.
>> Sometimes you just got to act the part. So when I was young, that meant putting
So when I was young, that meant putting
So when I was young, that meant putting a coat and tie on when traveling, you
a coat and tie on when traveling, you
a coat and tie on when traveling, you know, so I look a little older. It
know, so I look a little older. It
know, so I look a little older. It looked like I was responsible enough to
looked like I was responsible enough to
looked like I was responsible enough to do business. You know, as I as I got
do business. You know, as I as I got
do business. You know, as I as I got older, um you know, and that wasn't as
older, um you know, and that wasn't as
older, um you know, and that wasn't as big of a deal. Then oftentimes in
big of a deal. Then oftentimes in
big of a deal. Then oftentimes in business, you know, you've got to you
business, you know, you've got to you
business, you know, you've got to you got to talk like as if it's already
got to talk like as if it's already
got to talk like as if it's already happened, you know. So, it's you got to
happened, you know. So, it's you got to
happened, you know. So, it's you got to talk about the customers, you know,
talk about the customers, you know,
talk about the customers, you know, whether you have them or not. Um, and so
whether you have them or not. Um, and so
whether you have them or not. Um, and so I think sometimes, you know, it really
I think sometimes, you know, it really
I think sometimes, you know, it really is about living the part or fake it
is about living the part or fake it
is about living the part or fake it until you make it. I got that from my
until you make it. I got that from my
until you make it. I got that from my nana all by the way. Uh, she used to
nana all by the way. Uh, she used to
nana all by the way. Uh, she used to always say that to me and she was a big
always say that to me and she was a big
always say that to me and she was a big influence on my life. But I I do think
influence on my life. But I I do think
influence on my life. But I I do think you got to kind of act the part even if
you got to kind of act the part even if
you got to kind of act the part even if it hasn't been given to you yet.
it hasn't been given to you yet.
it hasn't been given to you yet. >> Yeah. You know, I interviewed Tom Brady
>> Yeah. You know, I interviewed Tom Brady
>> Yeah. You know, I interviewed Tom Brady once and I and he mentioned the same
once and I and he mentioned the same
once and I and he mentioned the same thing. So maybe he knew your your nano,
thing. So maybe he knew your your nano,
thing. So maybe he knew your your nano, [laughter]
[laughter]
[laughter] you know. Now, now speaking of acting
you know. Now, now speaking of acting
you know. Now, now speaking of acting and acting the part, I also understand
and acting the part, I also understand
and acting the part, I also understand that before Tom's, you were a reality TV
that before Tom's, you were a reality TV
that before Tom's, you were a reality TV star. Uh tell us that story.
star. Uh tell us that story.
star. Uh tell us that story. >> Yeah. So my sister and I were lucky
>> Yeah. So my sister and I were lucky
>> Yeah. So my sister and I were lucky enough to be selected to go on the
enough to be selected to go on the
enough to be selected to go on the Amazing Race. Uh and the Amazing Race,
Amazing Race. Uh and the Amazing Race,
Amazing Race. Uh and the Amazing Race, for those who have not seen it, is
for those who have not seen it, is
for those who have not seen it, is basically a scavenger hunt around the
basically a scavenger hunt around the
basically a scavenger hunt around the world. We were on the season two and we
world. We were on the season two and we
world. We were on the season two and we raced around the world for 30 days
raced around the world for 30 days
raced around the world for 30 days straight. And after 30 days, we lost the
straight. And after 30 days, we lost the
straight. And after 30 days, we lost the million-dollar prize by four minutes.
million-dollar prize by four minutes.
million-dollar prize by four minutes. And uh it was my fault. [laughter]
And uh it was my fault. [laughter]
And uh it was my fault. [laughter] What happened? So, it's this great I
What happened? So, it's this great I
What happened? So, it's this great I mean CBS I mean at this point this show
mean CBS I mean at this point this show
mean CBS I mean at this point this show is like I think the number two watched
is like I think the number two watched
is like I think the number two watched show on all of television. I mean 22
show on all of television. I mean 22
show on all of television. I mean 22 million people a week were tuning in. So
million people a week were tuning in. So
million people a week were tuning in. So CBS did the most perfect editing job to
CBS did the most perfect editing job to
CBS did the most perfect editing job to make me and look like, you know, kind of
make me and look like, you know, kind of
make me and look like, you know, kind of a your your your typical guy who won't
a your your your typical guy who won't
a your your your typical guy who won't stop and ask for directions. So what
stop and ask for directions. So what
stop and ask for directions. So what happens is we get to San Francisco. It's
happens is we get to San Francisco. It's
happens is we get to San Francisco. It's the final city. There's only three teams
the final city. There's only three teams
the final city. There's only three teams left. Million dollars on the line. We've
left. Million dollars on the line. We've
left. Million dollars on the line. We've been racing for 29 days. And we get
been racing for 29 days. And we get
been racing for 29 days. And we get there and we get a clue and it says go
there and we get a clue and it says go
there and we get a clue and it says go to pier 31. Now I had never been to San
to pier 31. Now I had never been to San
to pier 31. Now I had never been to San Francisco. My sister had never been. And
Francisco. My sister had never been. And
Francisco. My sister had never been. And uh I think pier peers are on the water.
uh I think pier peers are on the water.
uh I think pier peers are on the water. Let's get to the water. And so my sister
Let's get to the water. And so my sister
Let's get to the water. And so my sister says, "Hold on, wait. Let's just get a
says, "Hold on, wait. Let's just get a
says, "Hold on, wait. Let's just get a map and let's really make sure we're
map and let's really make sure we're
map and let's really make sure we're going the right place because we can't
going the right place because we can't
going the right place because we can't afford to make a stake." I said, "Paige,
afford to make a stake." I said, "Paige,
afford to make a stake." I said, "Paige, peers are on the water. I see the water.
peers are on the water. I see the water.
peers are on the water. I see the water. Let's go to the water." And she said,
Let's go to the water." And she said,
Let's go to the water." And she said, "Okay, fine." So, of course, the way
"Okay, fine." So, of course, the way
"Okay, fine." So, of course, the way that San Francisco is mapped out, it's
that San Francisco is mapped out, it's
that San Francisco is mapped out, it's like this big kind of half circle of all
like this big kind of half circle of all
like this big kind of half circle of all these different peers. There's a lot of
these different peers. There's a lot of
these different peers. There's a lot of them. And so, we run to the water. Well,
them. And so, we run to the water. Well,
them. And so, we run to the water. Well, we get to a pier, but we get to pier
we get to a pier, but we get to pier
we get to a pier, but we get to pier like two and we're on the exact opposite
like two and we're on the exact opposite
like two and we're on the exact opposite side of the city where pier 31 is, and
side of the city where pier 31 is, and
side of the city where pier 31 is, and we went the exact wrong way. We still
we went the exact wrong way. We still
we went the exact wrong way. We still hustled and hustled and hustled and we
hustled and hustled and hustled and we
hustled and hustled and hustled and we still almost caught back up to win, but
still almost caught back up to win, but
still almost caught back up to win, but we lost by four minutes. If we had not
we lost by four minutes. If we had not
we lost by four minutes. If we had not made that mistake, we might have won by
made that mistake, we might have won by
made that mistake, we might have won by an hour.
an hour.
an hour. >> Looking back at that, broadly speaking,
>> Looking back at that, broadly speaking,
>> Looking back at that, broadly speaking, how do you think that that shaped your
how do you think that that shaped your
how do you think that that shaped your leadership style, if at all?
leadership style, if at all?
leadership style, if at all? >> You know, I think that I mean, I've also
>> You know, I think that I mean, I've also
>> You know, I think that I mean, I've also my dad I mean, this is a funny saying.
my dad I mean, this is a funny saying.
my dad I mean, this is a funny saying. My dad says about me, he says, Blake is
My dad says about me, he says, Blake is
My dad says about me, he says, Blake is often wrong, but never in doubt. I think
often wrong, but never in doubt. I think
often wrong, but never in doubt. I think I've learned this lesson the hard way
I've learned this lesson the hard way
I've learned this lesson the hard way several times. I'm hoping with uh with
several times. I'm hoping with uh with
several times. I'm hoping with uh with enough I'm uh moving with a little bit
enough I'm uh moving with a little bit
enough I'm uh moving with a little bit more wisdom uh and and not being so
more wisdom uh and and not being so
more wisdom uh and and not being so impulsive because yeah so my impulsivity
impulsive because yeah so my impulsivity
impulsive because yeah so my impulsivity especially in business and even in my
especially in business and even in my
especially in business and even in my personal life to be honest has caused me
personal life to be honest has caused me
personal life to be honest has caused me some problems [laughter]
some problems [laughter]
some problems [laughter] >> and we're going to get to enough in a
>> and we're going to get to enough in a
>> and we're going to get to enough in a few minutes here but first of all how'
few minutes here but first of all how'
few minutes here but first of all how' you how did you get the idea for Tom's
you how did you get the idea for Tom's
you how did you get the idea for Tom's >> so in Tom's I was just I was just
>> so in Tom's I was just I was just
>> so in Tom's I was just I was just traveling I was down in South America um
traveling I was down in South America um
traveling I was down in South America um I was kind of in between entrepreneurial
I was kind of in between entrepreneurial
I was kind of in between entrepreneurial ventures not really knowing what I was
ventures not really knowing what I was
ventures not really knowing what I was going to do next. And I did some
going to do next. And I did some
going to do next. And I did some volunteer work. And when I was doing
volunteer work. And when I was doing
volunteer work. And when I was doing some volunteer work, I saw all these
some volunteer work, I saw all these
some volunteer work, I saw all these kids that did not have shoes and that
kids that did not have shoes and that
kids that did not have shoes and that they needed them uh to go to school as
they needed them uh to go to school as
they needed them uh to go to school as part of the uniform requirement. And I
part of the uniform requirement. And I
part of the uniform requirement. And I thought, man, that's that's really sad
thought, man, that's that's really sad
thought, man, that's that's really sad that these kids don't get to go to
that these kids don't get to go to
that these kids don't get to go to school because they don't have a pair of
school because they don't have a pair of
school because they don't have a pair of shoes. And at the same time, um, I kept
shoes. And at the same time, um, I kept
shoes. And at the same time, um, I kept seeing all these farmers and and like
seeing all these farmers and and like
seeing all these farmers and and like young people around town, uh, wearing
young people around town, uh, wearing
young people around town, uh, wearing this shoe called the Alpriata, which is
this shoe called the Alpriata, which is
this shoe called the Alpriata, which is this very simple canvas shoe. I had
this very simple canvas shoe. I had
this very simple canvas shoe. I had never seen it in the United States
never seen it in the United States
never seen it in the United States before. And they were very inexpensive,
before. And they were very inexpensive,
before. And they were very inexpensive, uh, to buy at the markets down there.
uh, to buy at the markets down there.
uh, to buy at the markets down there. And I thought, hm, I wonder if I could,
And I thought, hm, I wonder if I could,
And I thought, hm, I wonder if I could, you know, sell these shoes in the US.
you know, sell these shoes in the US.
you know, sell these shoes in the US. And every time I sell a pair, I would
And every time I sell a pair, I would
And every time I sell a pair, I would give a pair to one of these children
give a pair to one of these children
give a pair to one of these children that don't have shoes. And, uh, that
that don't have shoes. And, uh, that
that don't have shoes. And, uh, that idea became Tom's.
idea became Tom's.
idea became Tom's. >> Wow. That's that's such a great insight
>> Wow. That's that's such a great insight
>> Wow. That's that's such a great insight again, you know, and and early on, you
again, you know, and and early on, you
again, you know, and and early on, you know, and you you mentioned you had five
know, and you you mentioned you had five
know, and you you mentioned you had five businesses before you started Tom's,
businesses before you started Tom's,
businesses before you started Tom's, which is which is amazing. You know,
which is which is amazing. You know,
which is which is amazing. You know, what do you look for when you you decide
what do you look for when you you decide
what do you look for when you you decide whether you really have an idea? I mean,
whether you really have an idea? I mean,
whether you really have an idea? I mean, what do what are you paying attention
what do what are you paying attention
what do what are you paying attention to, Blake?
to, Blake?
to, Blake? >> I think the most important thing is that
>> I think the most important thing is that
>> I think the most important thing is that I like to have absolutely zero
I like to have absolutely zero
I like to have absolutely zero experience in the industry.
experience in the industry.
experience in the industry. [laughter]
[laughter]
[laughter] >> Tell me about that. I mean, literally, I
>> Tell me about that. I mean, literally, I
>> Tell me about that. I mean, literally, I had never done laundry before hardly in
had never done laundry before hardly in
had never done laundry before hardly in my life. When I started my laundry
my life. When I started my laundry
my life. When I started my laundry business, you know, I I I didn't know
business, you know, I I I didn't know
business, you know, I I I didn't know anything about the outdoor advertising
anything about the outdoor advertising
anything about the outdoor advertising business when I started my outdoor
business when I started my outdoor
business when I started my outdoor advertising company. I started my
advertising company. I started my
advertising company. I started my driver's ed company. I I I'd gone to
driver's ed company. I I I'd gone to
driver's ed company. I I I'd gone to Driver's Ed, but I sure didn't have any
Driver's Ed, but I sure didn't have any
Driver's Ed, but I sure didn't have any experience in, you know, what it takes
experience in, you know, what it takes
experience in, you know, what it takes to teach kids to drive. Um, you know,
to teach kids to drive. Um, you know,
to teach kids to drive. Um, you know, Tom's is the same thing. The reality
Tom's is the same thing. The reality
Tom's is the same thing. The reality cable channel the same thing. I mean,
cable channel the same thing. I mean,
cable channel the same thing. I mean, literally every business I've started,
literally every business I've started,
literally every business I've started, I've had no experience. And I think that
I've had no experience. And I think that
I've had no experience. And I think that is a huge asset. Um, and the reason is
is a huge asset. Um, and the reason is
is a huge asset. Um, and the reason is because you don't know all the
because you don't know all the
because you don't know all the pre-established rules of the industry.
pre-established rules of the industry.
pre-established rules of the industry. So, it's easy to break them. It's easy
So, it's easy to break them. It's easy
So, it's easy to break them. It's easy to be innovative. It's easy to be
to be innovative. It's easy to be
to be innovative. It's easy to be courageous because you haven't been
courageous because you haven't been
courageous because you haven't been told, oh, this is the way you have to do
told, oh, this is the way you have to do
told, oh, this is the way you have to do it. You have to do it this way. And so,
it. You have to do it this way. And so,
it. You have to do it this way. And so, and I think that thinking is what limits
and I think that thinking is what limits
and I think that thinking is what limits a lot of, you know, a lot of uh
a lot of, you know, a lot of uh
a lot of, you know, a lot of uh innovation. And I think that's what
innovation. And I think that's what
innovation. And I think that's what limits big companies and that's why
limits big companies and that's why
limits big companies and that's why small startups you see totally up in big
small startups you see totally up in big
small startups you see totally up in big companies all the time because the big
companies all the time because the big
companies all the time because the big companies are are stuck in their own way
companies are are stuck in their own way
companies are are stuck in their own way of thinking and um I I think that's a
of thinking and um I I think that's a
of thinking and um I I think that's a big big advantage to entrepreneurs and I
big big advantage to entrepreneurs and I
big big advantage to entrepreneurs and I also think that's why so most of the
also think that's why so most of the
also think that's why so most of the biggest most breakthrough brands in the
biggest most breakthrough brands in the
biggest most breakthrough brands in the world are started people under 30 years
world are started people under 30 years
world are started people under 30 years old. You know, I I wrote this book
old. You know, I I wrote this book
old. You know, I I wrote this book called How Leaders Learn. And I wish I
called How Leaders Learn. And I wish I
called How Leaders Learn. And I wish I would have interviewed you before I
would have interviewed you before I
would have interviewed you before I wrote it because we could you I'm sure I
wrote it because we could you I'm sure I
wrote it because we could you I'm sure I could have gotten a chapter out of you,
could have gotten a chapter out of you,
could have gotten a chapter out of you, you know, but so so you don't know
you know, but so so you don't know
you know, but so so you don't know anything, but you got to learn enough to
anything, but you got to learn enough to
anything, but you got to learn enough to get up to speed really and really, you
get up to speed really and really, you
get up to speed really and really, you know, break through in a category even
know, break through in a category even
know, break through in a category even if you're disrupting. What's your
if you're disrupting. What's your
if you're disrupting. What's your process for really learning how to lead
process for really learning how to lead
process for really learning how to lead a business in a new category that you
a business in a new category that you
a business in a new category that you know nothing about? I go with complete
know nothing about? I go with complete
know nothing about? I go with complete humility to whoever the best in the
humility to whoever the best in the
humility to whoever the best in the business is and ask them for a coffee or
business is and ask them for a coffee or
business is and ask them for a coffee or advice or a quick phone call. Um, you
advice or a quick phone call. Um, you
advice or a quick phone call. Um, you know, I think that, you know, one of the
know, I think that, you know, one of the
know, I think that, you know, one of the best ways to learn is once you have an
best ways to learn is once you have an
best ways to learn is once you have an idea is to is to find out who are the
idea is to is to find out who are the
idea is to is to find out who are the real experts in the industry. But, you
real experts in the industry. But, you
real experts in the industry. But, you know, it's kind of after you have your
know, it's kind of after you have your
know, it's kind of after you have your idea. So, your idea is built around
idea. So, your idea is built around
idea. So, your idea is built around innovation and not knowing the rules.
innovation and not knowing the rules.
innovation and not knowing the rules. But once you learn once you're in it and
But once you learn once you're in it and
But once you learn once you're in it and now you got to be a good leader and you
now you got to be a good leader and you
now you got to be a good leader and you got to really learn how to grow it.
got to really learn how to grow it.
got to really learn how to grow it. That's where I do think other people
That's where I do think other people
That's where I do think other people who've gone down that path before can be
who've gone down that path before can be
who've gone down that path before can be really helpful.
really helpful.
really helpful. >> Your your cur your curiosity meter must
>> Your your cur your curiosity meter must
>> Your your cur your curiosity meter must be off the chart.
be off the chart.
be off the chart. >> It is. So, I didn't just look I didn't
>> It is. So, I didn't just look I didn't
>> It is. So, I didn't just look I didn't graduate from college as I shared
graduate from college as I shared
graduate from college as I shared earlier and I think that has always been
earlier and I think that has always been
earlier and I think that has always been a little bit of a chip on my shoulder
a little bit of a chip on my shoulder
a little bit of a chip on my shoulder and so I've always been wanting to be
and so I've always been wanting to be
and so I've always been wanting to be really well educated even though I
really well educated even though I
really well educated even though I didn't go to college. So, I read pretty
didn't go to college. So, I read pretty
didn't go to college. So, I read pretty much every single business biography
much every single business biography
much every single business biography you've ever heard of. I mean, that was
you've ever heard of. I mean, that was
you've ever heard of. I mean, that was my education. And I call those guys my
my education. And I call those guys my
my education. And I call those guys my mentors. I mean, I I now know Richard
mentors. I mean, I I now know Richard
mentors. I mean, I I now know Richard Branson and have done a lot of stuff
Branson and have done a lot of stuff
Branson and have done a lot of stuff with him, but for years, I had never met
with him, but for years, I had never met
with him, but for years, I had never met Richard and I still called him one of my
Richard and I still called him one of my
Richard and I still called him one of my mentors. Same with Ivonne Shannard at
mentors. Same with Ivonne Shannard at
mentors. Same with Ivonne Shannard at Patagonia. So, I don't think you
Patagonia. So, I don't think you
Patagonia. So, I don't think you actually have to know the person or meet
actually have to know the person or meet
actually have to know the person or meet them for them to be one of your mentors,
them for them to be one of your mentors,
them for them to be one of your mentors, especially with, you know, as much as
especially with, you know, as much as
especially with, you know, as much as you can learn about someone with
you can learn about someone with
you can learn about someone with podcasts and books and everything
podcasts and books and everything
podcasts and books and everything online.
online.
online. >> That's that's a great point. I want to
>> That's that's a great point. I want to
>> That's that's a great point. I want to go back to Tom's again. You know, tell
go back to Tom's again. You know, tell
go back to Tom's again. You know, tell me tell me about the day you things
me tell me about the day you things
me tell me about the day you things really broke open for Tom's. you know
really broke open for Tom's. you know
really broke open for Tom's. you know when did you know that you really had
when did you know that you really had
when did you know that you really had created a rocket ship of a business?
created a rocket ship of a business?
created a rocket ship of a business? >> You know I think two things happened and
>> You know I think two things happened and
>> You know I think two things happened and both of them involved the media. Um the
both of them involved the media. Um the
both of them involved the media. Um the first was is I uh we the first big press
first was is I uh we the first big press
first was is I uh we the first big press piece was in the LA Times and it was a
piece was in the LA Times and it was a
piece was in the LA Times and it was a small article but it was on the Sunday
small article but it was on the Sunday
small article but it was on the Sunday edition of the LA Times and from that
edition of the LA Times and from that
edition of the LA Times and from that one article uh we got 2,000 orders. Now
one article uh we got 2,000 orders. Now
one article uh we got 2,000 orders. Now the problem with that was is at that
the problem with that was is at that
the problem with that was is at that point I only had about 150 pairs in my
point I only had about 150 pairs in my
point I only had about 150 pairs in my apartment. So, what that created was my
apartment. So, what that created was my
apartment. So, what that created was my first of many supply chain problems to
first of many supply chain problems to
first of many supply chain problems to come. Um, but but 2,000 orders from a
come. Um, but but 2,000 orders from a
come. Um, but but 2,000 orders from a single article that got my attention.
single article that got my attention.
single article that got my attention. The second thing is is I was in the New
The second thing is is I was in the New
The second thing is is I was in the New York City airport once and this is only
York City airport once and this is only
York City airport once and this is only kind of two months after we started and
kind of two months after we started and
kind of two months after we started and I was not wearing Tomms on this day. Um,
I was not wearing Tomms on this day. Um,
I was not wearing Tomms on this day. Um, and I was wearing my running shoes
and I was wearing my running shoes
and I was wearing my running shoes because I had gone for a jog in Central
because I had gone for a jog in Central
because I had gone for a jog in Central Park before I had to get to the airport.
Park before I had to get to the airport.
Park before I had to get to the airport. And um there was a girl at the check-in
And um there was a girl at the check-in
And um there was a girl at the check-in counter of American Airlines wearing a
counter of American Airlines wearing a
counter of American Airlines wearing a red pair of Toms. Now, at this point, I
red pair of Toms. Now, at this point, I
red pair of Toms. Now, at this point, I had never seen a stranger wearing our
had never seen a stranger wearing our
had never seen a stranger wearing our shoes, right? And I was like, "Wow, this
shoes, right? And I was like, "Wow, this
shoes, right? And I was like, "Wow, this is so cool." Like, someone bought these
is so cool." Like, someone bought these
is so cool." Like, someone bought these shoes on their own. They're not my
shoes on their own. They're not my
shoes on their own. They're not my family. They're not my friend, and
family. They're not my friend, and
family. They're not my friend, and they're wearing them, and I'm going to
they're wearing them, and I'm going to
they're wearing them, and I'm going to ask her about them. So, I go up to her
ask her about them. So, I go up to her
ask her about them. So, I go up to her and I say, "Excuse me. Um, I couldn't
and I say, "Excuse me. Um, I couldn't
and I say, "Excuse me. Um, I couldn't help but notice I really love these red
help but notice I really love these red
help but notice I really love these red shoes you're wearing. What are they?"
shoes you're wearing. What are they?"
shoes you're wearing. What are they?" And I'm doing the check-in counter at
And I'm doing the check-in counter at
And I'm doing the check-in counter at American Airlines and and she goes, "Oh,
American Airlines and and she goes, "Oh,
American Airlines and and she goes, "Oh, they're Tom's. Tom's shoes. And I'm
they're Tom's. Tom's shoes. And I'm
they're Tom's. Tom's shoes. And I'm like, "Oh, cool." And I keep doing the
like, "Oh, cool." And I keep doing the
like, "Oh, cool." And I keep doing the check-in and she grabs my shoulder. And
check-in and she grabs my shoulder. And
check-in and she grabs my shoulder. And she goes, "No, you don't understand."
she goes, "No, you don't understand."
she goes, "No, you don't understand." And I was like, "What?" She goes, "When
And I was like, "What?" She goes, "When
And I was like, "What?" She goes, "When I bought this pair of shoes, they gave a
I bought this pair of shoes, they gave a
I bought this pair of shoes, they gave a pair to a child in need in I think
pair to a child in need in I think
pair to a child in need in I think Argentina or Africa." And and this guy
Argentina or Africa." And and this guy
Argentina or Africa." And and this guy who started it, you know, I think I
who started it, you know, I think I
who started it, you know, I think I heard he lives on a sailboat in Los
heard he lives on a sailboat in Los
heard he lives on a sailboat in Los Angeles. And she just keeps going. And
Angeles. And she just keeps going. And
Angeles. And she just keeps going. And I'm like, "Oh my god, this is crazy." I
I'm like, "Oh my god, this is crazy." I
I'm like, "Oh my god, this is crazy." I said, I said, "Okay, I gotta I gotta
said, I said, "Okay, I gotta I gotta
said, I said, "Okay, I gotta I gotta confess. Um, I'm I'm actually that guy.
confess. Um, I'm I'm actually that guy.
confess. Um, I'm I'm actually that guy. I started Tom's. And she looked at me
I started Tom's. And she looked at me
I started Tom's. And she looked at me and she's like, "Dear in headlights,
and she's like, "Dear in headlights,
and she's like, "Dear in headlights, right?" She can't believe it's me. And
right?" She can't believe it's me. And
right?" She can't believe it's me. And she goes, "Oh my gosh." She goes, "But
she goes, "Oh my gosh." She goes, "But
she goes, "Oh my gosh." She goes, "But why did you cut your hair?" [laughter]
why did you cut your hair?" [laughter]
why did you cut your hair?" [laughter] That was a question. But the po the
That was a question. But the po the
That was a question. But the po the point of the story is is that if a
point of the story is is that if a
point of the story is is that if a stranger in the airport was going to
stranger in the airport was going to
stranger in the airport was going to stop someone to tell them the whole
stop someone to tell them the whole
stop someone to tell them the whole story about this business and why they
story about this business and why they
story about this business and why they bought the shoes and everything about
bought the shoes and everything about
bought the shoes and everything about the founder, then clearly she was
the founder, then clearly she was
the founder, then clearly she was telling all her friends on Facebook back
telling all her friends on Facebook back
telling all her friends on Facebook back in the day. She was probably giving
in the day. She was probably giving
in the day. She was probably giving these shoes to friends and family. Like
these shoes to friends and family. Like
these shoes to friends and family. Like I knew we had something that really was
I knew we had something that really was
I knew we had something that really was going to go viral.
going to go viral.
going to go viral. >> That's interesting. You know, it's a
>> That's interesting. You know, it's a
>> That's interesting. You know, it's a great story and you when you see that
great story and you when you see that
great story and you when you see that word of mouth happening, man, that's
word of mouth happening, man, that's
word of mouth happening, man, that's when you know you've got something. But
when you know you've got something. But
when you know you've got something. But you know that laundromat business that
you know that laundromat business that
you know that laundromat business that you started, the laundry business, and
you started, the laundry business, and
you started, the laundry business, and you know, you you you got these
you know, you you you got these
you know, you you you got these avalanche of orders like almost
avalanche of orders like almost
avalanche of orders like almost overnight. You had this huge sensation.
overnight. You had this huge sensation.
overnight. You had this huge sensation. You have 2,000 orders of Toms after
You have 2,000 orders of Toms after
You have 2,000 orders of Toms after that. You know, you know, many
that. You know, you know, many
that. You know, you know, many businesses buckle and fold when they get
businesses buckle and fold when they get
businesses buckle and fold when they get under that kind of pressure to really
under that kind of pressure to really
under that kind of pressure to really provide what you you've offered up. You
provide what you you've offered up. You
provide what you you've offered up. You know, what learnings did you have on on
know, what learnings did you have on on
know, what learnings did you have on on on how to survive success? because
on how to survive success? because
on how to survive success? because that's massive success and if you don't
that's massive success and if you don't
that's massive success and if you don't handle it right, you're you're you're
handle it right, you're you're you're
handle it right, you're you're you're toast.
toast.
toast. >> Yeah. Yeah. No, I think it's a great
>> Yeah. Yeah. No, I think it's a great
>> Yeah. Yeah. No, I think it's a great question. I mean, I think I was a, you
question. I mean, I think I was a, you
question. I mean, I think I was a, you know, very competitive tennis player
know, very competitive tennis player
know, very competitive tennis player growing up. Um, and I was very used to
growing up. Um, and I was very used to
growing up. Um, and I was very used to pressure and an individual sport where,
pressure and an individual sport where,
pressure and an individual sport where, you know, you've got to there's no one
you know, you've got to there's no one
you know, you've got to there's no one else on the team to to do it. You got to
else on the team to to do it. You got to
else on the team to to do it. You got to do it yourself. So, I think I was a
do it yourself. So, I think I was a
do it yourself. So, I think I was a little bit prepared for at least from a
little bit prepared for at least from a
little bit prepared for at least from a mental toughness standpoint of of
mental toughness standpoint of of
mental toughness standpoint of of dealing with that success. Um, but I
dealing with that success. Um, but I
dealing with that success. Um, but I think, you know, more than anything, you
think, you know, more than anything, you
think, you know, more than anything, you know, it's it's kind of focusing on, you
know, it's it's kind of focusing on, you
know, it's it's kind of focusing on, you know, what are the most important things
know, what are the most important things
know, what are the most important things that you absolutely must do? And I still
that you absolutely must do? And I still
that you absolutely must do? And I still do this today because I have so many
do this today because I have so many
do this today because I have so many things going on. You know, when
things going on. You know, when
things going on. You know, when something like that happens, like, okay,
something like that happens, like, okay,
something like that happens, like, okay, what are the most important things when
what are the most important things when
what are the most important things when we get 2,000 orders and we only have 160
we get 2,000 orders and we only have 160
we get 2,000 orders and we only have 160 pairs of shoes? The most important thing
pairs of shoes? The most important thing
pairs of shoes? The most important thing is we email every single one of those
is we email every single one of those
is we email every single one of those customers. We tell them, "Thank you so
customers. We tell them, "Thank you so
customers. We tell them, "Thank you so much for your order, and we had no idea
much for your order, and we had no idea
much for your order, and we had no idea that we would ever get this response,
that we would ever get this response,
that we would ever get this response, and it's going to take us eight weeks to
and it's going to take us eight weeks to
and it's going to take us eight weeks to make your shoes instead of the three
make your shoes instead of the three
make your shoes instead of the three days like it says on our website. And
days like it says on our website. And
days like it says on our website. And will you please not cancel your order?
will you please not cancel your order?
will you please not cancel your order? You come with humility. You come with
You come with humility. You come with
You come with humility. You come with honesty. And with that, we didn't have a
honesty. And with that, we didn't have a
honesty. And with that, we didn't have a single person cancel their order. It
single person cancel their order. It
single person cancel their order. It took us another eight weeks to make
took us another eight weeks to make
took us another eight weeks to make those shoes." you know, when when the
those shoes." you know, when when the
those shoes." you know, when when the laundry business, you know, when we got
laundry business, you know, when we got
laundry business, you know, when we got hundreds of thousands of dollars of
hundreds of thousands of dollars of
hundreds of thousands of dollars of orders and at that point we had one
orders and at that point we had one
orders and at that point we had one truck and just me and my roommate as
truck and just me and my roommate as
truck and just me and my roommate as employees. I mean, then you just have to
employees. I mean, then you just have to
employees. I mean, then you just have to go into hustle mode, you know, because
go into hustle mode, you know, because
go into hustle mode, you know, because we have we couldn't couldn't not do
we have we couldn't couldn't not do
we have we couldn't couldn't not do their laundry next week. So, that was
their laundry next week. So, that was
their laundry next week. So, that was just literally like a bunch of coffee,
just literally like a bunch of coffee,
just literally like a bunch of coffee, dropping out of college, asking favors,
dropping out of college, asking favors,
dropping out of college, asking favors, friends, you know, posting ads in the
friends, you know, posting ads in the
friends, you know, posting ads in the yellow pages. I mean, it was just pure
yellow pages. I mean, it was just pure
yellow pages. I mean, it was just pure hustle. So, sometimes all you can do is
hustle. So, sometimes all you can do is
hustle. So, sometimes all you can do is just get get your hustle on.
just get get your hustle on.
just get get your hustle on. >> Yeah. Great. And with Toms, you had such
>> Yeah. Great. And with Toms, you had such
>> Yeah. Great. And with Toms, you had such a noble cause, you know, with, you know,
a noble cause, you know, with, you know,
a noble cause, you know, with, you know, with your one-on-one model, every
with your one-on-one model, every
with your one-on-one model, every purchase was helping someone in need.
purchase was helping someone in need.
purchase was helping someone in need. Uh, what's your favorite story about
Uh, what's your favorite story about
Uh, what's your favorite story about making a positive difference uh in
making a positive difference uh in
making a positive difference uh in someone's life?
someone's life?
someone's life? >> Oh, man. I mean, there's this one
>> Oh, man. I mean, there's this one
>> Oh, man. I mean, there's this one amazing story. I mean, there's so many,
amazing story. I mean, there's so many,
amazing story. I mean, there's so many, but there's this one that comes to mind,
but there's this one that comes to mind,
but there's this one that comes to mind, and that was this woman came to us
and that was this woman came to us
and that was this woman came to us crying um after we gave shoes to her her
crying um after we gave shoes to her her
crying um after we gave shoes to her her kids in this little village in
kids in this little village in
kids in this little village in Argentina. And
Argentina. And
Argentina. And she explained that now both of her kids
she explained that now both of her kids
she explained that now both of her kids would go to school every day. And when
would go to school every day. And when
would go to school every day. And when we when we asked her to explain, she
we when we asked her to explain, she
we when we asked her to explain, she showed us a pair of like men's dress
showed us a pair of like men's dress
showed us a pair of like men's dress shoes, not even appropriate shoe for
shoes, not even appropriate shoe for
shoes, not even appropriate shoe for either of her boys to be wearing. And
either of her boys to be wearing. And
either of her boys to be wearing. And she said they had been sharing this pair
she said they had been sharing this pair
she said they had been sharing this pair of shoes for a year. And what that meant
of shoes for a year. And what that meant
of shoes for a year. And what that meant was one of her boys would go to school
was one of her boys would go to school
was one of her boys would go to school wearing the men's dress shoes on Monday
wearing the men's dress shoes on Monday
wearing the men's dress shoes on Monday and then he would bring them back and
and then he would bring them back and
and then he would bring them back and his son brother would go to school on
his son brother would go to school on
his son brother would go to school on Tuesday while he stayed home. They were
Tuesday while he stayed home. They were
Tuesday while he stayed home. They were alternating days of school based off
alternating days of school based off
alternating days of school based off this pair of shoes that didn't fit
this pair of shoes that didn't fit
this pair of shoes that didn't fit either of them. And now they were going
either of them. And now they were going
either of them. And now they were going to go to school both days every day
to go to school both days every day
to go to school both days every day wearing the proper shoes. And that was
wearing the proper shoes. And that was
wearing the proper shoes. And that was just I I'll never forget that moment.
just I I'll never forget that moment.
just I I'll never forget that moment. >> That's that's that's a story you'll
>> That's that's that's a story you'll
>> That's that's that's a story you'll never forget. You know, you know, I've
never forget. You know, you know, I've
never forget. You know, you know, I've always believed, Blake, that creating
always believed, Blake, that creating
always believed, Blake, that creating shared experiences can really galvanize
shared experiences can really galvanize
shared experiences can really galvanize a team and people can look back and say,
a team and people can look back and say,
a team and people can look back and say, I remember when we did did this and that
I remember when we did did this and that
I remember when we did did this and that or we learned this or that. you know,
or we learned this or that. you know,
or we learned this or that. you know, tell me about your your shoe drops and
tell me about your your shoe drops and
tell me about your your shoe drops and the impact that had on your team.
the impact that had on your team.
the impact that had on your team. >> Yeah, I mean, one of the great things
>> Yeah, I mean, one of the great things
>> Yeah, I mean, one of the great things that we got to do with our team and then
that we got to do with our team and then
that we got to do with our team and then eventually even with our customers um
eventually even with our customers um
eventually even with our customers um was take them to different places around
was take them to different places around
was take them to different places around the world and give shoes to these
the world and give shoes to these
the world and give shoes to these children, you know. I mean, we were
children, you know. I mean, we were
children, you know. I mean, we were giving millions of shoes away each year
giving millions of shoes away each year
giving millions of shoes away each year when the company was really growing, but
when the company was really growing, but
when the company was really growing, but it was more about those little moments
it was more about those little moments
it was more about those little moments of a specific kid that you remember and
of a specific kid that you remember and
of a specific kid that you remember and that you connected to. And so we would
that you connected to. And so we would
that you connected to. And so we would take our employees always got to go
take our employees always got to go
take our employees always got to go every year no matter how big we got. I
every year no matter how big we got. I
every year no matter how big we got. I think even we had 300 employees still we
think even we had 300 employees still we
think even we had 300 employees still we paid for every employee to go in a
paid for every employee to go in a
paid for every employee to go in a developing country every year to give
developing country every year to give
developing country every year to give away shoes. You know I went on a lot of
away shoes. You know I went on a lot of
away shoes. You know I went on a lot of these trips and what it did is it
these trips and what it did is it
these trips and what it did is it brought back just an amazing sense of
brought back just an amazing sense of
brought back just an amazing sense of purpose. You know as our shoe company is
purpose. You know as our shoe company is
purpose. You know as our shoe company is growing. I mean Tom's was the fastest
growing. I mean Tom's was the fastest
growing. I mean Tom's was the fastest growing shoe company in the world for
growing shoe company in the world for
growing shoe company in the world for three years. Um so you know we were
three years. Um so you know we were
three years. Um so you know we were growing rapidly building a very big
growing rapidly building a very big
growing rapidly building a very big business. I mean, you know, our sales, I
business. I mean, you know, our sales, I
business. I mean, you know, our sales, I think, topped out at like $700 million a
think, topped out at like $700 million a
think, topped out at like $700 million a year. So, this was a real shoe business
year. So, this was a real shoe business
year. So, this was a real shoe business that was growing quickly. And what kept
that was growing quickly. And what kept
that was growing quickly. And what kept us focused on the why, which is always
us focused on the why, which is always
us focused on the why, which is always so important. I mean, when you, one of
so important. I mean, when you, one of
so important. I mean, when you, one of my favorite videos of all time is Simon
my favorite videos of all time is Simon
my favorite videos of all time is Simon Synynic's why video, which I'm sure
Synynic's why video, which I'm sure
Synynic's why video, which I'm sure you've seen, and talks about, you know,
you've seen, and talks about, you know,
you've seen, and talks about, you know, people don't buy what you do, they buy
people don't buy what you do, they buy
people don't buy what you do, they buy why you do it. And we had to stay
why you do it. And we had to stay
why you do it. And we had to stay connected to the why. And the way we
connected to the why. And the way we
connected to the why. And the way we stayed connected to the Y, the way I
stayed connected to the Y, the way I
stayed connected to the Y, the way I stayed connected to the Y is going on
stayed connected to the Y is going on
stayed connected to the Y is going on those giving trips, you know, putting
those giving trips, you know, putting
those giving trips, you know, putting shoes on kids' feet. And um, you know,
shoes on kids' feet. And um, you know,
shoes on kids' feet. And um, you know, it's a B, you know, I'm and I'm taking
it's a B, you know, I'm and I'm taking
it's a B, you know, I'm and I'm taking that lesson now. I know we're going to
that lesson now. I know we're going to
that lesson now. I know we're going to get to enough, but I'm using that lesson
get to enough, but I'm using that lesson
get to enough, but I'm using that lesson a lot with us building this enough
a lot with us building this enough
a lot with us building this enough movement because, you know, it's a lot
movement because, you know, it's a lot
movement because, you know, it's a lot of work. Um, and everyone is really
of work. Um, and everyone is really
of work. Um, and everyone is really doing, you know, the the a single job of
doing, you know, the the a single job of
doing, you know, the the a single job of five people and we have to keep
five people and we have to keep
five people and we have to keep connected to the why of using this to
connected to the why of using this to
connected to the why of using this to hopefully help our collective mental
hopefully help our collective mental
hopefully help our collective mental health. So staying connected to the why
health. So staying connected to the why
health. So staying connected to the why is so so important in galvanizing a
is so so important in galvanizing a
is so so important in galvanizing a team.
team.
team. >> You know, I'm curious. Did did you ever
>> You know, I'm curious. Did did you ever
>> You know, I'm curious. Did did you ever have people criticize your your business
have people criticize your your business
have people criticize your your business or you personally claiming you were
or you personally claiming you were
or you personally claiming you were actually doing more harm than good in in
actually doing more harm than good in in
actually doing more harm than good in in the places you're trying to help? I
the places you're trying to help? I
the places you're trying to help? I mean, I know that sounds like a strange
mean, I know that sounds like a strange
mean, I know that sounds like a strange question, but I mean no, absolutely it
question, but I mean no, absolutely it
question, but I mean no, absolutely it happens. You know, there are haters out
happens. You know, there are haters out
happens. You know, there are haters out there
there
there >> there. There and even more so today
>> there. There and even more so today
>> there. There and even more so today probably than back then because it's
probably than back then because it's
probably than back then because it's just easier to be anonymous online. Um
just easier to be anonymous online. Um
just easier to be anonymous online. Um but yeah, we did we had you know we had
but yeah, we did we had you know we had
but yeah, we did we had you know we had a a time period in which you know people
a a time period in which you know people
a a time period in which you know people were um really like attacking us for not
were um really like attacking us for not
were um really like attacking us for not making the shoes in every country that
making the shoes in every country that
making the shoes in every country that we're giving in. I mean they clearly
we're giving in. I mean they clearly
we're giving in. I mean they clearly didn't understand the supply chain and
didn't understand the supply chain and
didn't understand the supply chain and and frankly at first I was like offended
and frankly at first I was like offended
and frankly at first I was like offended by that but we actually used some of
by that but we actually used some of
by that but we actually used some of that criticism to evolve our business
that criticism to evolve our business
that criticism to evolve our business which actually ended up saving us money
which actually ended up saving us money
which actually ended up saving us money and helping in even more ways. And I'll
and helping in even more ways. And I'll
and helping in even more ways. And I'll use an example. We started making shoes
use an example. We started making shoes
use an example. We started making shoes in Ethiopia and in Haiti where we gave
in Ethiopia and in Haiti where we gave
in Ethiopia and in Haiti where we gave away a lot of shoes. And uh by making
away a lot of shoes. And uh by making
away a lot of shoes. And uh by making the shoes there, not only were we
the shoes there, not only were we
the shoes there, not only were we creating extra jobs in those
creating extra jobs in those
creating extra jobs in those communities, but we didn't have to ship
communities, but we didn't have to ship
communities, but we didn't have to ship them all the way from Asia. And so we
them all the way from Asia. And so we
them all the way from Asia. And so we ended up saving money in our
ended up saving money in our
ended up saving money in our distribution as well. So sometimes, you
distribution as well. So sometimes, you
distribution as well. So sometimes, you know, if you don't take it personally,
know, if you don't take it personally,
know, if you don't take it personally, uh you can actually take some of that
uh you can actually take some of that
uh you can actually take some of that criticism and turn it into something for
criticism and turn it into something for
criticism and turn it into something for good. And we did that at Tom's.
good. And we did that at Tom's.
good. And we did that at Tom's. >> Yeah. I I don't know what where it says
>> Yeah. I I don't know what where it says
>> Yeah. I I don't know what where it says it in the Bible, but one of the things I
it in the Bible, but one of the things I
it in the Bible, but one of the things I I remember was, you know,
I remember was, you know,
I remember was, you know, >> people who accuse you of doing wrong
>> people who accuse you of doing wrong
>> people who accuse you of doing wrong when you do good, do good anyway.
when you do good, do good anyway.
when you do good, do good anyway. >> Exactly.
>> Exactly.
>> Exactly. >> And you actually took did did the good
>> And you actually took did did the good
>> And you actually took did did the good and and when took the criticism and did
and and when took the criticism and did
and and when took the criticism and did even more good, which is a which is a
even more good, which is a which is a
even more good, which is a which is a great way to turn it on its ear. So
great way to turn it on its ear. So
great way to turn it on its ear. So Blake, you you you build this Tom's
Blake, you you you build this Tom's
Blake, you you you build this Tom's business to $700 million. You know, you
business to $700 million. You know, you
business to $700 million. You know, you got a great business, fastest growing
got a great business, fastest growing
got a great business, fastest growing shoe business. you know, looking back,
shoe business. you know, looking back,
shoe business. you know, looking back, what do you think were the the top two
what do you think were the the top two
what do you think were the the top two or three strategic decisions you made to
or three strategic decisions you made to
or three strategic decisions you made to really to to really drive that business?
really to to really drive that business?
really to to really drive that business? >> Number one is we did not do marketing.
>> Number one is we did not do marketing.
>> Number one is we did not do marketing. We just focused on amplifying everyone's
We just focused on amplifying everyone's
We just focused on amplifying everyone's stories. So, we took our customers on
stories. So, we took our customers on
stories. So, we took our customers on giving trips in Cambodia and Guatemala
giving trips in Cambodia and Guatemala
giving trips in Cambodia and Guatemala and allowed them to, you know, put those
and allowed them to, you know, put those
and allowed them to, you know, put those photos on their Facebook and their
photos on their Facebook and their
photos on their Facebook and their MySpace. And I mean, this was even
MySpace. And I mean, this was even
MySpace. And I mean, this was even before a lot of the social media. It
before a lot of the social media. It
before a lot of the social media. It worked probably even better today. but
worked probably even better today. but
worked probably even better today. but really focusing on storytelling and
really focusing on storytelling and
really focusing on storytelling and giving and not traditional marketing um
giving and not traditional marketing um
giving and not traditional marketing um I think was what allowed us to grow so
I think was what allowed us to grow so
I think was what allowed us to grow so fast and to grow so profitably. So I
fast and to grow so profitably. So I
fast and to grow so profitably. So I would say that was number one. Number
would say that was number one. Number
would say that was number one. Number two was is you know it wasn't until
two was is you know it wasn't until
two was is you know it wasn't until later but in the early days when we were
later but in the early days when we were
later but in the early days when we were growing rapidly again we were not a big
growing rapidly again we were not a big
growing rapidly again we were not a big group of experts. You know, these were a
group of experts. You know, these were a
group of experts. You know, these were a lot of young kids I hired off Craigslist
lot of young kids I hired off Craigslist
lot of young kids I hired off Craigslist and they just had a passion for what we
and they just had a passion for what we
and they just had a passion for what we were doing and they had a great attitude
were doing and they had a great attitude
were doing and they had a great attitude and they would work harder than anyone.
and they would work harder than anyone.
and they would work harder than anyone. That culture really drove the growth of
That culture really drove the growth of
That culture really drove the growth of Tom's as well because everyone there was
Tom's as well because everyone there was
Tom's as well because everyone there was in it for the right reason and really
in it for the right reason and really
in it for the right reason and really really um kind of committed to doing
really um kind of committed to doing
really um kind of committed to doing whatever it took and we kept that
whatever it took and we kept that
whatever it took and we kept that culture good by taking people once again
culture good by taking people once again
culture good by taking people once again on the giving trips to keep them
on the giving trips to keep them
on the giving trips to keep them connected uh to the why. And then the
connected uh to the why. And then the
connected uh to the why. And then the other thing that I think we did
other thing that I think we did
other thing that I think we did especially well in the beginning and not
especially well in the beginning and not
especially well in the beginning and not so well towards the end was we just
so well towards the end was we just
so well towards the end was we just focused on one product, you know, one
focused on one product, you know, one
focused on one product, you know, one shoe, you know, just making that shoe
shoe, you know, just making that shoe
shoe, you know, just making that shoe the most iconic silhouette in the world
the most iconic silhouette in the world
the most iconic silhouette in the world at that time. And it and then later as
at that time. And it and then later as
at that time. And it and then later as we started to expand to more different
we started to expand to more different
we started to expand to more different types of shoes, while it initially
types of shoes, while it initially
types of shoes, while it initially helped sales grow, it ultimately I think
helped sales grow, it ultimately I think
helped sales grow, it ultimately I think took attention away from our core
took attention away from our core
took attention away from our core product which ultimately ended up
product which ultimately ended up
product which ultimately ended up hurting the business.
hurting the business.
hurting the business. You know, I culture is very interesting.
You know, I culture is very interesting.
You know, I culture is very interesting. You know, I never really like the word
You know, I never really like the word
You know, I never really like the word itself, although I understand it. You
itself, although I understand it. You
itself, although I understand it. You know, it reminds me too much of a germ.
know, it reminds me too much of a germ.
know, it reminds me too much of a germ. When I think of culture, it's basically
When I think of culture, it's basically
When I think of culture, it's basically what behaviors, you know, do you want to
what behaviors, you know, do you want to
what behaviors, you know, do you want to have as a team? How how do we work
have as a team? How how do we work
have as a team? How how do we work together? You know, how are we going to
together? You know, how are we going to
together? You know, how are we going to work together when you know, what do you
work together when you know, what do you
work together when you know, what do you think is the most important behavior you
think is the most important behavior you
think is the most important behavior you can drive when you're you're building
can drive when you're you're building
can drive when you're you're building any culture that that that uh of a
any culture that that that uh of a
any culture that that that uh of a business that you would create? I think
business that you would create? I think
business that you would create? I think this goes back to that shared why, like
this goes back to that shared why, like
this goes back to that shared why, like bringing people in that are there for
bringing people in that are there for
bringing people in that are there for the right reasons. You know, they're not
the right reasons. You know, they're not
the right reasons. You know, they're not there because this is the next best
there because this is the next best
there because this is the next best thing on their resume. They're not there
thing on their resume. They're not there
thing on their resume. They're not there because it's all about the money.
because it's all about the money.
because it's all about the money. They're not there because, you know,
They're not there because, you know,
They're not there because, you know, this is a hot company and, you know,
this is a hot company and, you know,
this is a hot company and, you know, whatever. Like, it's they're there
whatever. Like, it's they're there
whatever. Like, it's they're there because they really believe in the
because they really believe in the
because they really believe in the mission and the company has a mission
mission and the company has a mission
mission and the company has a mission that is worth believing in. And I think
that is worth believing in. And I think
that is worth believing in. And I think that is at least in the businesses I've
that is at least in the businesses I've
that is at least in the businesses I've started um really having people
started um really having people
started um really having people connected and there for the why I think
connected and there for the why I think
connected and there for the why I think is great. And then the other thing as a
is great. And then the other thing as a
is great. And then the other thing as a leader I think it's like not take
leader I think it's like not take
leader I think it's like not take yourself too seriously. Always be
yourself too seriously. Always be
yourself too seriously. Always be humble, always be curious. Um you know
humble, always be curious. Um you know
humble, always be curious. Um you know create as the least amount of kind of um
create as the least amount of kind of um
create as the least amount of kind of um you know kind of hierarchal structure as
you know kind of hierarchal structure as
you know kind of hierarchal structure as possible. I mean those are just the
possible. I mean those are just the
possible. I mean those are just the things that have really worked for me.
things that have really worked for me.
things that have really worked for me. Hello friends. I hope you are loving
Hello friends. I hope you are loving
Hello friends. I hope you are loving this conversation between David and
this conversation between David and
this conversation between David and Blake. Be sure to stay tuned to the very
Blake. Be sure to stay tuned to the very
Blake. Be sure to stay tuned to the very end of the episode where David and I
end of the episode where David and I
end of the episode where David and I break down [music] his conversation with
break down [music] his conversation with
break down [music] his conversation with Blake and offer some real tangible ways
Blake and offer some real tangible ways
Blake and offer some real tangible ways that you can take what you've learned
that you can take what you've learned
that you can take what you've learned from the episode and apply it to your
from the episode and apply it to your
from the episode and apply it to your [music] leadership and to your life.
[music] leadership and to your life.
[music] leadership and to your life. Stay tuned to the very end and I will
Stay tuned to the very end and I will
Stay tuned to the very end and I will see you soon.
see you soon.
see you soon. you know, eventually you took Tom's away
you know, eventually you took Tom's away
you know, eventually you took Tom's away from the one-on-one model, but but
from the one-on-one model, but but
from the one-on-one model, but but you've also used that one-on-one model
you've also used that one-on-one model
you've also used that one-on-one model in in other categories. How do you make
in in other categories. How do you make
in in other categories. How do you make that decision? Like I you did it in your
that decision? Like I you did it in your
that decision? Like I you did it in your eyewear business, right?
eyewear business, right?
eyewear business, right? >> Yeah. I mean, you know, it's really a
>> Yeah. I mean, you know, it's really a
>> Yeah. I mean, you know, it's really a simple decision. I mean, I started Tom's
simple decision. I mean, I started Tom's
simple decision. I mean, I started Tom's not as a business. It was actually just
not as a business. It was actually just
not as a business. It was actually just called a project. And the project was
called a project. And the project was
called a project. And the project was based on I wanted to help kids get
based on I wanted to help kids get
based on I wanted to help kids get shoes. And then as I grew the business,
shoes. And then as I grew the business,
shoes. And then as I grew the business, I realized, oh wow, this this one for
I realized, oh wow, this this one for
I realized, oh wow, this this one for one model is actually like really works
one model is actually like really works
one model is actually like really works because it's easy to understand. It's
because it's easy to understand. It's
because it's easy to understand. It's it's you know, we can build the cost of
it's you know, we can build the cost of
it's you know, we can build the cost of it into the into the product. You know,
it into the into the product. You know,
it into the into the product. You know, people love the directness of it. And so
people love the directness of it. And so
people love the directness of it. And so yes, when we did we launched Tom's
yes, when we did we launched Tom's
yes, when we did we launched Tom's eyewear and and we did the same thing.
eyewear and and we did the same thing.
eyewear and and we did the same thing. We provided an eye surgery or reading
We provided an eye surgery or reading
We provided an eye surgery or reading glasses to someone who needed them um
glasses to someone who needed them um
glasses to someone who needed them um when you bought the eyewear. So I think
when you bought the eyewear. So I think
when you bought the eyewear. So I think the one for one model really worked
the one for one model really worked
the one for one model really worked well. It doesn't work in all businesses,
well. It doesn't work in all businesses,
well. It doesn't work in all businesses, but it worked really well for Tom's.
but it worked really well for Tom's.
but it worked really well for Tom's. >> But how did you get the courage to pivot
>> But how did you get the courage to pivot
>> But how did you get the courage to pivot from the very thing that you were known
from the very thing that you were known
from the very thing that you were known for because you you you stopped it at
for because you you you stopped it at
for because you you you stopped it at Tom's that No,
Tom's that No,
Tom's that No, >> that's I I I didn't stop it. I s when I
>> that's I I I didn't stop it. I s when I
>> that's I I I didn't stop it. I s when I sold the company, they stopped it.
sold the company, they stopped it.
sold the company, they stopped it. >> Oh, okay.
>> Oh, okay.
>> Oh, okay. >> Yeah. Yeah. That's a very important
>> Yeah. Yeah. That's a very important
>> Yeah. Yeah. That's a very important distinction there.
distinction there.
distinction there. >> Thank you very much for clarifying that.
>> Thank you very much for clarifying that.
>> Thank you very much for clarifying that. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> Well, what did you think? Here you are,
>> Well, what did you think? Here you are,
>> Well, what did you think? Here you are, the founder of this when you heard that.
the founder of this when you heard that.
the founder of this when you heard that. >> Yeah. I was not happy.
>> Yeah. I was not happy.
>> Yeah. I was not happy. >> What did you think? Yeah, [laughter]
>> What did you think? Yeah, [laughter]
>> What did you think? Yeah, [laughter] >> I was not happy. I I imagine you weren't
>> I was not happy. I I imagine you weren't
>> I was not happy. I I imagine you weren't weren't really consulted on on that that
weren't really consulted on on that that
weren't really consulted on on that that that issue.
that issue.
that issue. >> No, [laughter] I was not.
>> No, [laughter] I was not.
>> No, [laughter] I was not. >> Well, how'd you deal with that?
>> Well, how'd you deal with that?
>> Well, how'd you deal with that? >> I mean, you know, I mean, it's kind of
>> I mean, you know, I mean, it's kind of
>> I mean, you know, I mean, it's kind of like look, you know, I have an eight and
like look, you know, I have an eight and
like look, you know, I have an eight and 11 year old right now and I'm doing
11 year old right now and I'm doing
11 year old right now and I'm doing everything I can to make them into most
everything I can to make them into most
everything I can to make them into most amazing human beings possible. And
amazing human beings possible. And
amazing human beings possible. And someday they're going to leave my house
someday they're going to leave my house
someday they're going to leave my house and they're going to go out. They're
and they're going to go out. They're
and they're going to go out. They're going to make their own decisions and uh
going to make their own decisions and uh
going to make their own decisions and uh you know, I'm going to love them no
you know, I'm going to love them no
you know, I'm going to love them no matter what. And some decisions they'll
matter what. And some decisions they'll
matter what. And some decisions they'll make I'll agree with and some I won't
make I'll agree with and some I won't
make I'll agree with and some I won't agree with, but I'll continue to be
agree with, but I'll continue to be
agree with, but I'll continue to be their cheerleader. And that's what I
their cheerleader. And that's what I
their cheerleader. And that's what I always say about Tom's. You know, I'm
always say about Tom's. You know, I'm
always say about Tom's. You know, I'm Tom's biggest cheerleader. I think the
Tom's biggest cheerleader. I think the
Tom's biggest cheerleader. I think the company is still doing great work.
company is still doing great work.
company is still doing great work. They're doing it differently. They're
They're doing it differently. They're
They're doing it differently. They're not doing it with the one for one model
not doing it with the one for one model
not doing it with the one for one model that I created. Um, but they're still
that I created. Um, but they're still
that I created. Um, but they're still doing a lot of good in the world and so
doing a lot of good in the world and so
doing a lot of good in the world and so I'm cheering them on.
I'm cheering them on.
I'm cheering them on. >> So, you know, you sell this this huge
>> So, you know, you sell this this huge
>> So, you know, you sell this this huge business. You know, that's most time
business. You know, that's most time
business. You know, that's most time when people take the victory lap. You
when people take the victory lap. You
when people take the victory lap. You you you go on the big cruise, you do do
you you go on the big cruise, you do do
you you go on the big cruise, you do do something. I mean, how did it how did it
something. I mean, how did it how did it
something. I mean, how did it how did it impact you? I mean, as a as an
impact you? I mean, as a as an
impact you? I mean, as a as an individual
individual
individual having that kind of success and then
having that kind of success and then
having that kind of success and then selling what you basically it was your
selling what you basically it was your
selling what you basically it was your baby.
baby.
baby. >> The reality is I didn't do very well.
>> The reality is I didn't do very well.
>> The reality is I didn't do very well. Um, first off, I was not prepared for
Um, first off, I was not prepared for
Um, first off, I was not prepared for it. I didn't understand that when I sold
it. I didn't understand that when I sold
it. I didn't understand that when I sold it, I would really lose a sense of
it, I would really lose a sense of
it, I would really lose a sense of purpose. I also lost my community
purpose. I also lost my community
purpose. I also lost my community because all my friends still worked at
because all my friends still worked at
because all my friends still worked at Tom's. I also decided at the same time
Tom's. I also decided at the same time
Tom's. I also decided at the same time to move to Jackson Hole uh because I
to move to Jackson Hole uh because I
to move to Jackson Hole uh because I love snowboarding and I thought now that
love snowboarding and I thought now that
love snowboarding and I thought now that I'm quote retired I can snowboard every
I'm quote retired I can snowboard every
I'm quote retired I can snowboard every day um and it gets dark at 5 pm in
day um and it gets dark at 5 pm in
day um and it gets dark at 5 pm in Jackson Hole half the year and that
Jackson Hole half the year and that
Jackson Hole half the year and that wasn't good for me and I started to get
wasn't good for me and I started to get
wasn't good for me and I started to get depressed and I'd never been in a
depressed and I'd never been in a
depressed and I'd never been in a depressed you know really a day in my
depressed you know really a day in my
depressed you know really a day in my life and I actually think the depression
life and I actually think the depression
life and I actually think the depression started a little bit before I sold the
started a little bit before I sold the
started a little bit before I sold the company I think that kind of led to me
company I think that kind of led to me
company I think that kind of led to me you know um not feeling as connected to
you know um not feeling as connected to
you know um not feeling as connected to the brand um that led to it but yeah it
the brand um that led to it but yeah it
the brand um that led to it but yeah it you know and Then after I got depressed,
you know and Then after I got depressed,
you know and Then after I got depressed, what was interesting is, and I think
what was interesting is, and I think
what was interesting is, and I think this isn't probably just, you know, um,
this isn't probably just, you know, um,
this isn't probably just, you know, um, unique to me, is I was I never had these
unique to me, is I was I never had these
unique to me, is I was I never had these horrible feelings and I tried to do
horrible feelings and I tried to do
horrible feelings and I tried to do everything I could to make them go away.
everything I could to make them go away.
everything I could to make them go away. And I had a lot of money, so I started
And I had a lot of money, so I started
And I had a lot of money, so I started throwing money at it. So I built this
throwing money at it. So I built this
throwing money at it. So I built this crazy house, you know, I went on all the
crazy house, you know, I went on all the
crazy house, you know, I went on all the crazy trips. I moved my family from
crazy trips. I moved my family from
crazy trips. I moved my family from Jackson Hole to Costa Rica, you know. I
Jackson Hole to Costa Rica, you know. I
Jackson Hole to Costa Rica, you know. I got divorced. I got married. I got
got divorced. I got married. I got
got divorced. I got married. I got divorced again. like I made a huge mess
divorced again. like I made a huge mess
divorced again. like I made a huge mess of my life um because I was doing
of my life um because I was doing
of my life um because I was doing anything to frankly not feel the way
anything to frankly not feel the way
anything to frankly not feel the way that I was feeling. What I really
that I was feeling. What I really
that I was feeling. What I really recognized was underneath all of it, and
recognized was underneath all of it, and
recognized was underneath all of it, and this is what I, you know, came to after
this is what I, you know, came to after
this is what I, you know, came to after lots of therapy, um, was that there was
lots of therapy, um, was that there was
lots of therapy, um, was that there was this feeling that I have never been
this feeling that I have never been
this feeling that I have never been enough and that I was never enough. And
enough and that I was never enough. And
enough and that I was never enough. And I unfortunately had to look at all of my
I unfortunately had to look at all of my
I unfortunately had to look at all of my actions in my life. And I saw that my
actions in my life. And I saw that my
actions in my life. And I saw that my life wasn't as much a success story as
life wasn't as much a success story as
life wasn't as much a success story as my life was like a strategy. And the
my life was like a strategy. And the
my life was like a strategy. And the strategy was doing all these things to
strategy was doing all these things to
strategy was doing all these things to earn my worth. um because I didn't
earn my worth. um because I didn't
earn my worth. um because I didn't believe that I had it intrinsically and
believe that I had it intrinsically and
believe that I had it intrinsically and um and that that started what what
um and that that started what what
um and that that started what what became like a seven-year period of a
became like a seven-year period of a
became like a seven-year period of a really intense depression.
really intense depression.
really intense depression. >> Wow. You think that that that not that
>> Wow. You think that that that not that
>> Wow. You think that that that not that sense of not having enough is what was
sense of not having enough is what was
sense of not having enough is what was one of the key drivers of your success
one of the key drivers of your success
one of the key drivers of your success in business? I mean, you mentioned that
in business? I mean, you mentioned that
in business? I mean, you mentioned that your college lack of a college education
your college lack of a college education
your college lack of a college education put the had a chip on your shoulder. I
put the had a chip on your shoulder. I
put the had a chip on your shoulder. I mean, you know, how much did that drive
mean, you know, how much did that drive
mean, you know, how much did that drive you?
you?
you? >> I I do think I do think it drove me. Um,
>> I I do think I do think it drove me. Um,
>> I I do think I do think it drove me. Um, and at the same time, I don't think it
and at the same time, I don't think it
and at the same time, I don't think it was necessary for my success. Um, I
was necessary for my success. Um, I
was necessary for my success. Um, I think that, you know, as I've learned
think that, you know, as I've learned
think that, you know, as I've learned more about, you know, me struggling with
more about, you know, me struggling with
more about, you know, me struggling with this for so long is I think that it does
this for so long is I think that it does
this for so long is I think that it does create a pressure that can drive you,
create a pressure that can drive you,
create a pressure that can drive you, but it also is at a huge cost. And I
but it also is at a huge cost. And I
but it also is at a huge cost. And I think the reality is now as I think
think the reality is now as I think
think the reality is now as I think about building something where I'm
about building something where I'm
about building something where I'm building it from a place of wholeness,
building it from a place of wholeness,
building it from a place of wholeness, I'm actually having a lot more fun and I
I'm actually having a lot more fun and I
I'm actually having a lot more fun and I think I'm being just as effective. So,
think I'm being just as effective. So,
think I'm being just as effective. So, um I think it is a little bit of a
um I think it is a little bit of a
um I think it is a little bit of a misnomer about the fact that you kind of
misnomer about the fact that you kind of
misnomer about the fact that you kind of need that drive in order to be
need that drive in order to be
need that drive in order to be successful. Yes, you need drive, but
successful. Yes, you need drive, but
successful. Yes, you need drive, but that level of pressure I was putting on
that level of pressure I was putting on
that level of pressure I was putting on myself um just wasn't healthy. you know,
myself um just wasn't healthy. you know,
myself um just wasn't healthy. you know, what advice would you give to other
what advice would you give to other
what advice would you give to other leaders on how to pick up the signs
leaders on how to pick up the signs
leaders on how to pick up the signs maybe that you you're starting to have
maybe that you you're starting to have
maybe that you you're starting to have some, you know, mental health issues and
some, you know, mental health issues and
some, you know, mental health issues and and you know, who who might be quietly
and you know, who who might be quietly
and you know, who who might be quietly struggling inside but just aren't really
struggling inside but just aren't really
struggling inside but just aren't really dealing with it.
dealing with it.
dealing with it. >> Yeah, I think that there's some pretty
>> Yeah, I think that there's some pretty
>> Yeah, I think that there's some pretty tailtale signs. I mean, number one is I
tailtale signs. I mean, number one is I
tailtale signs. I mean, number one is I think the things that you used to love
think the things that you used to love
think the things that you used to love and that you used to have joy just
and that you used to have joy just
and that you used to have joy just aren't providing that to you anymore. So
aren't providing that to you anymore. So
aren't providing that to you anymore. So that could be golf if you're a golfer,
that could be golf if you're a golfer,
that could be golf if you're a golfer, surfing, that was it for me. Um, you
surfing, that was it for me. Um, you
surfing, that was it for me. Um, you know, time with friends, um, you know,
know, time with friends, um, you know,
know, time with friends, um, you know, even going to your favorite restaurants.
even going to your favorite restaurants.
even going to your favorite restaurants. Like if just if all the if not all of a
Like if just if all the if not all of a
Like if just if all the if not all of a sudden, but if you start to feel the
sudden, but if you start to feel the
sudden, but if you start to feel the things that depend that consistently
things that depend that consistently
things that depend that consistently gave you joy and happiness or no longer
gave you joy and happiness or no longer
gave you joy and happiness or no longer doing so, that might be a sign that
doing so, that might be a sign that
doing so, that might be a sign that you're starting to slip into a
you're starting to slip into a
you're starting to slip into a depression. You know, for some people
depression. You know, for some people
depression. You know, for some people it's either they stop eating completely
it's either they stop eating completely
it's either they stop eating completely or they overeat all the time. You know,
or they overeat all the time. You know,
or they overeat all the time. You know, it's usually one or the other. um you
it's usually one or the other. um you
it's usually one or the other. um you know I didn't have as much of an
know I didn't have as much of an
know I didn't have as much of an appetite myself. Um and then also the
appetite myself. Um and then also the
appetite myself. Um and then also the biggest thing is and this is what
biggest thing is and this is what
biggest thing is and this is what unfortunately leads to you know these
unfortunately leads to you know these
unfortunately leads to you know these these horrible you know rates of suicide
these horrible you know rates of suicide
these horrible you know rates of suicide in our country is you really isolate you
in our country is you really isolate you
in our country is you really isolate you know because you're ashamed especially
know because you're ashamed especially
know because you're ashamed especially if you're successful. I mean, I'm so
if you're successful. I mean, I'm so
if you're successful. I mean, I'm so excited to talk about this on this
excited to talk about this on this
excited to talk about this on this podcast because I know that there's
podcast because I know that there's
podcast because I know that there's going to be a lot of successful men and
going to be a lot of successful men and
going to be a lot of successful men and women listening. And the thing is is
women listening. And the thing is is
women listening. And the thing is is we're taught to believe that if you're
we're taught to believe that if you're
we're taught to believe that if you're financially successful, if you're a
financially successful, if you're a
financially successful, if you're a leader, then then what do you have to
leader, then then what do you have to
leader, then then what do you have to worry about in your life? If you've got
worry about in your life? If you've got
worry about in your life? If you've got a great house, great family, great job,
a great house, great family, great job,
a great house, great family, great job, like you don't get the right to feel
like you don't get the right to feel
like you don't get the right to feel depressed. You don't get the right to
depressed. You don't get the right to
depressed. You don't get the right to feel anxious. And I felt that in so much
feel anxious. And I felt that in so much
feel anxious. And I felt that in so much that like I didn't even post a single
that like I didn't even post a single
that like I didn't even post a single post on on social media for three years
post on on social media for three years
post on on social media for three years because I was so ashamed of the way I
because I was so ashamed of the way I
because I was so ashamed of the way I was feeling and I didn't want anyone to
was feeling and I didn't want anyone to
was feeling and I didn't want anyone to know and I didn't want to lie about it.
know and I didn't want to lie about it.
know and I didn't want to lie about it. I couldn't go. That's even worse when
I couldn't go. That's even worse when
I couldn't go. That's even worse when you have to go put on the fake smile and
you have to go put on the fake smile and
you have to go put on the fake smile and so I just isolated more and more and
so I just isolated more and more and
so I just isolated more and more and more and frankly that almost you know
more and frankly that almost you know
more and frankly that almost you know led me to taking my life.
led me to taking my life.
led me to taking my life. >> Wow. Thanks so much for sharing that
>> Wow. Thanks so much for sharing that
>> Wow. Thanks so much for sharing that Blake. I mean I think that's helpant.
Blake. I mean I think that's helpant.
Blake. I mean I think that's helpant. It's just so and if you're listening to
It's just so and if you're listening to
It's just so and if you're listening to this right now, the most important thing
this right now, the most important thing
this right now, the most important thing if you're starting to feel like you're
if you're starting to feel like you're
if you're starting to feel like you're getting really depressed or you're
getting really depressed or you're
getting really depressed or you're feeling trapped or life is just not, you
feeling trapped or life is just not, you
feeling trapped or life is just not, you know, you've got to talk to someone. You
know, you've got to talk to someone. You
know, you've got to talk to someone. You absolutely, the most important thing is
absolutely, the most important thing is
absolutely, the most important thing is tell one person and be radically honest.
tell one person and be radically honest.
tell one person and be radically honest. Tell them how bad it is. If you're
Tell them how bad it is. If you're
Tell them how bad it is. If you're having suicidal thoughts, tell them.
having suicidal thoughts, tell them.
having suicidal thoughts, tell them. Tell them exactly what you're having,
Tell them exactly what you're having,
Tell them exactly what you're having, when you're having it, how you're having
when you're having it, how you're having
when you're having it, how you're having it. Because the minute you start telling
it. Because the minute you start telling
it. Because the minute you start telling people that this is the the research
people that this is the the research
people that this is the the research shows is a dramatic uh improvement in
shows is a dramatic uh improvement in
shows is a dramatic uh improvement in what potentially you know is the outcome
what potentially you know is the outcome
what potentially you know is the outcome in your mental health. So I was really
in your mental health. So I was really
in your mental health. So I was really lucky. I started talking to people. I
lucky. I started talking to people. I
lucky. I started talking to people. I started being honest about it to my
started being honest about it to my
started being honest about it to my close friends and family and ultimately
close friends and family and ultimately
close friends and family and ultimately I got the help that you know not only
I got the help that you know not only
I got the help that you know not only you know helped me really understand why
you know helped me really understand why
you know helped me really understand why I was feeling the way I was feeling but
I was feeling the way I was feeling but
I was feeling the way I was feeling but start to feel better and and that
start to feel better and and that
start to feel better and and that ultimately led to you know to what I'm
ultimately led to you know to what I'm
ultimately led to you know to what I'm doing now. And and speaking of now,
doing now. And and speaking of now,
doing now. And and speaking of now, you've recently launched a new brand
you've recently launched a new brand
you've recently launched a new brand enough uh h how'd that how'd that come
enough uh h how'd that how'd that come
enough uh h how'd that how'd that come to be?
to be?
to be? >> I mean, you know, it's it's a little bit
>> I mean, you know, it's it's a little bit
>> I mean, you know, it's it's a little bit about what we were talking about, you
about what we were talking about, you
about what we were talking about, you know, as I started working with an
know, as I started working with an
know, as I started working with an amazing therapist who really helped me
amazing therapist who really helped me
amazing therapist who really helped me understand that underneath my depression
understand that underneath my depression
understand that underneath my depression um was this feeling that I was never
um was this feeling that I was never
um was this feeling that I was never enough. And as we started to really
enough. And as we started to really
enough. And as we started to really uncover that and heal that, I realized
uncover that and heal that, I realized
uncover that and heal that, I realized um well, first off, I started feeling
um well, first off, I started feeling
um well, first off, I started feeling like more peace and joy in my life than
like more peace and joy in my life than
like more peace and joy in my life than I'd ever felt. And I really started to
I'd ever felt. And I really started to
I'd ever felt. And I really started to feel it in my body. And I was like, man,
feel it in my body. And I was like, man,
feel it in my body. And I was like, man, there's a lot of people out there that
there's a lot of people out there that
there's a lot of people out there that don't feel that they're enough. Now,
don't feel that they're enough. Now,
don't feel that they're enough. Now, everything from, you know, high school
everything from, you know, high school
everything from, you know, high school students that are constantly comparing
students that are constantly comparing
students that are constantly comparing themselves to everyone else, you know,
themselves to everyone else, you know,
themselves to everyone else, you know, at school or on social media to
at school or on social media to
at school or on social media to executives running big companies. I mean
executives running big companies. I mean
executives running big companies. I mean it is it no one is immune to this what I
it is it no one is immune to this what I
it is it no one is immune to this what I call the greatest lie we've ever been
call the greatest lie we've ever been
call the greatest lie we've ever been told you know and you talked about the
told you know and you talked about the
told you know and you talked about the Bible before like I mean this is also
Bible before like I mean this is also
Bible before like I mean this is also just like one of the key messages is
just like one of the key messages is
just like one of the key messages is that we are all enough in God's image
that we are all enough in God's image
that we are all enough in God's image and and and unfortunately our society
and and and unfortunately our society
and and and unfortunately our society and our media uh does everything it can
and our media uh does everything it can
and our media uh does everything it can to tell us otherwise and that's why I
to tell us otherwise and that's why I
to tell us otherwise and that's why I say it's the greatest lie and so as I
say it's the greatest lie and so as I
say it's the greatest lie and so as I started to really heal this and
started to really heal this and
started to really heal this and recognize that this wasn't a Blake
recognize that this wasn't a Blake
recognize that this wasn't a Blake problem this was a cultural problem I
problem this was a cultural problem I
problem this was a cultural problem I you felt called to do something about
you felt called to do something about
you felt called to do something about it. And so when I was when I was going
it. And so when I was when I was going
it. And so when I was when I was going through my healing journey, I made a
through my healing journey, I made a
through my healing journey, I made a bracelet for myself. I'll show you right
bracelet for myself. I'll show you right
bracelet for myself. I'll show you right here for those who are watching. Uh
here for those who are watching. Uh
here for those who are watching. Uh yeah, it says enough on it. It's a green
yeah, it says enough on it. It's a green
yeah, it says enough on it. It's a green bracelet. It's green because green is a
bracelet. It's green because green is a
bracelet. It's green because green is a color of mental health awareness. And I
color of mental health awareness. And I
color of mental health awareness. And I made this bracelet for myself just to
made this bracelet for myself just to
made this bracelet for myself just to wear it for a daily reminder like Blake
wear it for a daily reminder like Blake
wear it for a daily reminder like Blake remember you are enough. And then the
remember you are enough. And then the
remember you are enough. And then the real magic came when I gave it to
real magic came when I gave it to
real magic came when I gave it to others. When I gave it to someone and
others. When I gave it to someone and
others. When I gave it to someone and said, I just want you to know that
said, I just want you to know that
said, I just want you to know that you're enough and you always have been.
you're enough and you always have been.
you're enough and you always have been. And I saw how that lit people up and how
And I saw how that lit people up and how
And I saw how that lit people up and how they felt like a a sense of relief to
they felt like a a sense of relief to
they felt like a a sense of relief to hear that from someone else. And so I
hear that from someone else. And so I
hear that from someone else. And so I realized that, you know, this bracelet
realized that, you know, this bracelet
realized that, you know, this bracelet can do two things. It's not only a daily
can do two things. It's not only a daily
can do two things. It's not only a daily reminder for myself, it's a great way to
reminder for myself, it's a great way to
reminder for myself, it's a great way to start and continue to have conversations
start and continue to have conversations
start and continue to have conversations about our collective mental health. And
about our collective mental health. And
about our collective mental health. And that I think is one of the most
that I think is one of the most
that I think is one of the most important things that we can do,
important things that we can do,
important things that we can do, especially as parents. Like when I gave
especially as parents. Like when I gave
especially as parents. Like when I gave these bracelets to my 8 and 11year-old
these bracelets to my 8 and 11year-old
these bracelets to my 8 and 11year-old and explained and was honest about the
and explained and was honest about the
and explained and was honest about the fact that for a lot of my life I didn't
fact that for a lot of my life I didn't
fact that for a lot of my life I didn't feel like I was enough and that there's
feel like I was enough and that there's
feel like I was enough and that there's anything that I ever want them to know
anything that I ever want them to know
anything that I ever want them to know from me is that they are enough. Whether
from me is that they are enough. Whether
from me is that they are enough. Whether they make the right grades, whether they
they make the right grades, whether they
they make the right grades, whether they make the sports team, no matter what,
make the sports team, no matter what,
make the sports team, no matter what, they are just enough because they are.
they are just enough because they are.
they are just enough because they are. Wow, what a great way. I've connected
Wow, what a great way. I've connected
Wow, what a great way. I've connected with my kids and I've seen now other
with my kids and I've seen now other
with my kids and I've seen now other parents and even kids giving them to
parents and even kids giving them to
parents and even kids giving them to their parents. I mean, it's just really
their parents. I mean, it's just really
their parents. I mean, it's just really amazing. But the the point of the whole
amazing. But the the point of the whole
amazing. But the the point of the whole project is twofold. one to raise aware
project is twofold. one to raise aware
project is twofold. one to raise aware awareness about mental health and to
awareness about mental health and to
awareness about mental health and to remind all of us culturally that we are
remind all of us culturally that we are
remind all of us culturally that we are enough. And the second thing is is we're
enough. And the second thing is is we're
enough. And the second thing is is we're raising a lot of money for mental health
raising a lot of money for mental health
raising a lot of money for mental health organizations. So I'm, you know, really
organizations. So I'm, you know, really
organizations. So I'm, you know, really grateful and thankful that I made a lot
grateful and thankful that I made a lot
grateful and thankful that I made a lot of money with Tomms and I don't need to
of money with Tomms and I don't need to
of money with Tomms and I don't need to make any more money. And so 100% of the
make any more money. And so 100% of the
make any more money. And so 100% of the profits from all the bracelet sales go
profits from all the bracelet sales go
profits from all the bracelet sales go to mental health organizations that are
to mental health organizations that are
to mental health organizations that are really working with people on the front
really working with people on the front
really working with people on the front lines who are struggling. And um it's
lines who are struggling. And um it's
lines who are struggling. And um it's really really fun. I mean I'm having we
really really fun. I mean I'm having we
really really fun. I mean I'm having we have a small team. There's like eight or
have a small team. There's like eight or
have a small team. There's like eight or nine of us now. Uh we launched a couple
nine of us now. Uh we launched a couple
nine of us now. Uh we launched a couple weeks ago, but we're already selling
weeks ago, but we're already selling
weeks ago, but we're already selling tons of bracelets and I'm seeing people
tons of bracelets and I'm seeing people
tons of bracelets and I'm seeing people on the street wearing them and people
on the street wearing them and people
on the street wearing them and people are posting on social media. Our
are posting on social media. Our
are posting on social media. Our Instagram is we are enough and uh and I
Instagram is we are enough and uh and I
Instagram is we are enough and uh and I think this has the potential to do
think this has the potential to do
think this has the potential to do hopefully like what the LivStrong
hopefully like what the LivStrong
hopefully like what the LivStrong bracelet did uh for cancer research. You
bracelet did uh for cancer research. You
bracelet did uh for cancer research. You know, the yellow bracelet that so many
know, the yellow bracelet that so many
know, the yellow bracelet that so many people around the world wore years ago.
people around the world wore years ago.
people around the world wore years ago. If we can get everyone wearing this
If we can get everyone wearing this
If we can get everyone wearing this green enough bracelet, I think we can
green enough bracelet, I think we can
green enough bracelet, I think we can raise tens of millions of dollars for
raise tens of millions of dollars for
raise tens of millions of dollars for mental health and most importantly get
mental health and most importantly get
mental health and most importantly get people talking because when you're
people talking because when you're
people talking because when you're wearing the bracelet, it's a signal to
wearing the bracelet, it's a signal to
wearing the bracelet, it's a signal to someone else like, "Hey, you can tell me
someone else like, "Hey, you can tell me
someone else like, "Hey, you can tell me how you're really doing." Like, I I'm
how you're really doing." Like, I I'm
how you're really doing." Like, I I'm comfortable with that and I'm actually
comfortable with that and I'm actually
comfortable with that and I'm actually inviting you to tell me that. And when
inviting you to tell me that. And when
inviting you to tell me that. And when people share how they're really doing,
people share how they're really doing,
people share how they're really doing, all the statistics say their mental
all the statistics say their mental
all the statistics say their mental health greatly improves.
health greatly improves.
health greatly improves. >> I'm going to get some bracelets right,
>> I'm going to get some bracelets right,
>> I'm going to get some bracelets right, you know, right after this. I I I love
you know, right after this. I I I love
you know, right after this. I I I love it. I think it's just fantastic. And the
it. I think it's just fantastic. And the
it. I think it's just fantastic. And the nice thing is it comes I'll show you
nice thing is it comes I'll show you
nice thing is it comes I'll show you this. It comes in this box here. But
this. It comes in this box here. But
this. It comes in this box here. But it's not just one bracelet when you buy
it's not just one bracelet when you buy
it's not just one bracelet when you buy it. Going back to the one for one model.
it. Going back to the one for one model.
it. Going back to the one for one model. We have two bracelets. One for you and
We have two bracelets. One for you and
We have two bracelets. One for you and one to give to someone else. So everyone
one to give to someone else. So everyone
one to give to someone else. So everyone who buys a bracelet is also um making
who buys a bracelet is also um making
who buys a bracelet is also um making the commitment to give it to at least
the commitment to give it to at least
the commitment to give it to at least one more person starting this enough
one more person starting this enough
one more person starting this enough giving chain that hopefully will go on
giving chain that hopefully will go on
giving chain that hopefully will go on and on and on.
and on and on.
and on and on. >> You're an incredible person. You know
>> You're an incredible person. You know
>> You're an incredible person. You know what what are you doing differently this
what what are you doing differently this
what what are you doing differently this time
time
time >> any any other project that you've been a
>> any any other project that you've been a
>> any any other project that you've been a part of?
part of?
part of? >> I'm so glad he asked that. So, one of
>> I'm so glad he asked that. So, one of
>> I'm so glad he asked that. So, one of the things that I one of my daily
the things that I one of my daily
the things that I one of my daily mantras and I think this is a great one
mantras and I think this is a great one
mantras and I think this is a great one for all leaders is focus more on
for all leaders is focus more on
for all leaders is focus more on connection than promotion.
connection than promotion.
connection than promotion. I I'm not selling anything right now. I
I I'm not selling anything right now. I
I I'm not selling anything right now. I you know what I'm I am just sharing my
you know what I'm I am just sharing my
you know what I'm I am just sharing my story. I'm connecting with people about
story. I'm connecting with people about
story. I'm connecting with people about their mental health, about my mental
their mental health, about my mental
their mental health, about my mental health. I'm being radically vulnerable,
health. I'm being radically vulnerable,
health. I'm being radically vulnerable, radically honest. And in doing that, the
radically honest. And in doing that, the
radically honest. And in doing that, the sales will take care of themselves. I do
sales will take care of themselves. I do
sales will take care of themselves. I do not need to be out promoting. I just
not need to be out promoting. I just
not need to be out promoting. I just need to focus on connecting and every
need to focus on connecting and every
need to focus on connecting and every single day that's what I'm focused on.
single day that's what I'm focused on.
single day that's what I'm focused on. >> That's great. You know, you're obviously
>> That's great. You know, you're obviously
>> That's great. You know, you're obviously a very emotional person.
a very emotional person.
a very emotional person. >> Yes.
>> Yes.
>> Yes. >> You know, I mean, you know, no,
>> You know, I mean, you know, no,
>> You know, I mean, you know, no, >> some of my ex-wives would say too much,
>> some of my ex-wives would say too much,
>> some of my ex-wives would say too much, but
but
but >> Yeah. But you're you're emotive. There's
>> Yeah. But you're you're emotive. There's
>> Yeah. But you're you're emotive. There's no question. You get moved.
no question. You get moved.
no question. You get moved. >> I'm sure you laugh a lot, you cry a lot.
>> I'm sure you laugh a lot, you cry a lot.
>> I'm sure you laugh a lot, you cry a lot. You you you have the gamut of of the
You you you have the gamut of of the
You you you have the gamut of of the emotions, you know. I do in a world
emotions, you know. I do in a world
emotions, you know. I do in a world where, you know, AI is taking on more
where, you know, AI is taking on more
where, you know, AI is taking on more and more influence. How do you think
and more influence. How do you think
and more influence. How do you think about AI? Uh, and h are you using it in
about AI? Uh, and h are you using it in
about AI? Uh, and h are you using it in any way with with your with your brand?
any way with with your with your brand?
any way with with your with your brand? >> So, I am also one of the things I'm
>> So, I am also one of the things I'm
>> So, I am also one of the things I'm doing and I think a lot of leaders do is
doing and I think a lot of leaders do is
doing and I think a lot of leaders do is we try to find other young entrepreneurs
we try to find other young entrepreneurs
we try to find other young entrepreneurs to mentor and to advise and to coach.
to mentor and to advise and to coach.
to mentor and to advise and to coach. And so, I had the great joy of coaching
And so, I had the great joy of coaching
And so, I had the great joy of coaching some entrepreneurs who've started a
some entrepreneurs who've started a
some entrepreneurs who've started a company called Sonia. Sia A.I.
company called Sonia. Sia A.I.
company called Sonia. Sia A.I. and [snorts] it is the first uh and I
and [snorts] it is the first uh and I
and [snorts] it is the first uh and I think the most incredible um AI therapy
think the most incredible um AI therapy
think the most incredible um AI therapy bot. Um and so it's AI therapy. They
bot. Um and so it's AI therapy. They
bot. Um and so it's AI therapy. They call it emotional support I think for
call it emotional support I think for
call it emotional support I think for legal reasons. Um but this app you it's
legal reasons. Um but this app you it's
legal reasons. Um but this app you it's it's in beta right now. It's absolutely
it's in beta right now. It's absolutely
it's in beta right now. It's absolutely free. Every single person on the planet
free. Every single person on the planet
free. Every single person on the planet should try this at least for 45 minutes.
should try this at least for 45 minutes.
should try this at least for 45 minutes. I've been been in therapy my entire life
I've been been in therapy my entire life
I've been been in therapy my entire life and so I know a good therapist and this
and so I know a good therapist and this
and so I know a good therapist and this AI therapist that they've created and
AI therapist that they've created and
AI therapist that they've created and you can customize it man, woman,
you can customize it man, woman,
you can customize it man, woman, different voices. I talked to this thing
different voices. I talked to this thing
different voices. I talked to this thing for 30 minutes every morning. It is
for 30 minutes every morning. It is
for 30 minutes every morning. It is unbelievable. And it has a memory so it
unbelievable. And it has a memory so it
unbelievable. And it has a memory so it never forgets anything. So it can it
never forgets anything. So it can it
never forgets anything. So it can it will reference things from a month or
will reference things from a month or
will reference things from a month or two ago. How are you doing on this?
two ago. How are you doing on this?
two ago. How are you doing on this? Checks in on that. It can hold all my
Checks in on that. It can hold all my
Checks in on that. It can hold all my craziness in its head somehow. And it
craziness in its head somehow. And it
craziness in its head somehow. And it and it is literally and the great thing
and it is literally and the great thing
and it is literally and the great thing about it is this is one of the hardest
about it is this is one of the hardest
about it is this is one of the hardest things about therapy and especially for
things about therapy and especially for
things about therapy and especially for leaders and busy people is you know it's
leaders and busy people is you know it's
leaders and busy people is you know it's really hard to schedule with your
really hard to schedule with your
really hard to schedule with your therapist like okay you got to do a Zoom
therapist like okay you got to do a Zoom
therapist like okay you got to do a Zoom call with your therapist Thursday at 2.
call with your therapist Thursday at 2.
call with your therapist Thursday at 2. Well you know what I don't wake up with
Well you know what I don't wake up with
Well you know what I don't wake up with an anxiety attack at Thursday at 2. I
an anxiety attack at Thursday at 2. I
an anxiety attack at Thursday at 2. I wake up with an anxiety attack at 5 in
wake up with an anxiety attack at 5 in
wake up with an anxiety attack at 5 in the morning on Monday you know and so
the morning on Monday you know and so
the morning on Monday you know and so it's right there. So it's always there
it's right there. So it's always there
it's right there. So it's always there when you need it. You don't have to do a
when you need it. You don't have to do a
when you need it. You don't have to do a whole hour like you do with a normal
whole hour like you do with a normal
whole hour like you do with a normal therapist. You might just do 10 minutes.
therapist. You might just do 10 minutes.
therapist. You might just do 10 minutes. But yeah, I use Sonia every day and I'm
But yeah, I use Sonia every day and I'm
But yeah, I use Sonia every day and I'm having so much fun um mentoring uh these
having so much fun um mentoring uh these
having so much fun um mentoring uh these founders. I mean, they are 26 years old,
founders. I mean, they are 26 years old,
founders. I mean, they are 26 years old, MIT, like just charging and they only
MIT, like just charging and they only
MIT, like just charging and they only care about changing the world and
care about changing the world and
care about changing the world and providing this to people who can't
providing this to people who can't
providing this to people who can't afford traditional therapy,
afford traditional therapy,
afford traditional therapy, >> right? And that's nonprofit, too.
>> right? And that's nonprofit, too.
>> right? And that's nonprofit, too. >> No, it's a for-profit. I think these
>> No, it's a for-profit. I think these
>> No, it's a for-profit. I think these guys are these guys are going to do very
guys are these guys are going to do very
guys are these guys are going to do very well. [laughter]
well. [laughter]
well. [laughter] >> Now, Sonia's in beta.
>> Now, Sonia's in beta.
>> Now, Sonia's in beta. >> Anyone can do it. Yeah, on it's in the
>> Anyone can do it. Yeah, on it's in the
>> Anyone can do it. Yeah, on it's in the app store. Yeah, it's a Sonia Sonia.ai
app store. Yeah, it's a Sonia Sonia.ai
app store. Yeah, it's a Sonia Sonia.ai in the app store and anyone can do it.
in the app store and anyone can do it.
in the app store and anyone can do it. My dad's doing it now. My best friends
My dad's doing it now. My best friends
My dad's doing it now. My best friends are doing it. I mean, everyone I've
are doing it. I mean, everyone I've
are doing it. I mean, everyone I've introduced it to.
introduced it to.
introduced it to. >> Love it. [laughter]
>> Love it. [laughter]
>> Love it. [laughter] >> I'm betting a thousand with this
>> I'm betting a thousand with this
>> I'm betting a thousand with this recommendation.
recommendation.
recommendation. >> And it's a lot cheaper. A lot cheaper, I
>> And it's a lot cheaper. A lot cheaper, I
>> And it's a lot cheaper. A lot cheaper, I imagine, than than the therapist.
imagine, than than the therapist.
imagine, than than the therapist. >> Well, right now, right now it's free. I
>> Well, right now, right now it's free. I
>> Well, right now, right now it's free. I think eventually they're going to start
think eventually they're going to start
think eventually they're going to start charging like 30 bucks a month, but
charging like 30 bucks a month, but
charging like 30 bucks a month, but right now it's free. And so, uh, it's
right now it's free. And so, uh, it's
right now it's free. And so, uh, it's incredible. I mean,
incredible. I mean,
incredible. I mean, >> okay. I think That's my AI experience is
>> okay. I think That's my AI experience is
>> okay. I think That's my AI experience is just and I don't have a lot but man when
just and I don't have a lot but man when
just and I don't have a lot but man when I saw what this could do and then when I
I saw what this could do and then when I
I saw what this could do and then when I when I started using it myself every day
when I started using it myself every day
when I started using it myself every day I was just like I got to help these guys
I was just like I got to help these guys
I was just like I got to help these guys because I think this could you know this
because I think this could you know this
because I think this could you know this would really have a huge impact in the
would really have a huge impact in the
would really have a huge impact in the world.
world.
world. >> Well you're a huge huge learner. We've
>> Well you're a huge huge learner. We've
>> Well you're a huge huge learner. We've you know we've we've established that
you know we've we've established that
you know we've we've established that already. So do do you see do you see AI
already. So do do you see do you see AI
already. So do do you see do you see AI really impacting the way you lead or you
really impacting the way you lead or you
really impacting the way you lead or you changing how you do things? I think one
changing how you do things? I think one
changing how you do things? I think one of the things that's nice about AI is
of the things that's nice about AI is
of the things that's nice about AI is let's say you have an important decision
let's say you have an important decision
let's say you have an important decision to make and especially as a leader or a
to make and especially as a leader or a
to make and especially as a leader or a founder. Now you have your board but
founder. Now you have your board but
founder. Now you have your board but that's they're not always that
that's they're not always that
that's they're not always that accessible right and sometimes you can't
accessible right and sometimes you can't
accessible right and sometimes you can't really bounce certain ideas off your
really bounce certain ideas off your
really bounce certain ideas off your executive team because you know
executive team because you know
executive team because you know everyone's going to have a personal
everyone's going to have a personal
everyone's going to have a personal agenda. What I found with AI is I will
agenda. What I found with AI is I will
agenda. What I found with AI is I will talk to it and say hey put this is one
talk to it and say hey put this is one
talk to it and say hey put this is one of my favorite prompts I use. I say if
of my favorite prompts I use. I say if
of my favorite prompts I use. I say if money was no object find the three
money was no object find the three
money was no object find the three greatest experts and helping me make
greatest experts and helping me make
greatest experts and helping me make this decision and so AI will go through
this decision and so AI will go through
this decision and so AI will go through and I'll tell them what the decision is
and I'll tell them what the decision is
and I'll tell them what the decision is I need to make as a leader and it'll
I need to make as a leader and it'll
I need to make as a leader and it'll find dot dot dot dot and then it gets
find dot dot dot dot and then it gets
find dot dot dot dot and then it gets the three experts and say okay now let's
the three experts and say okay now let's
the three experts and say okay now let's have a roundt discussion with me on the
have a roundt discussion with me on the
have a roundt discussion with me on the best path forward for this decision and
best path forward for this decision and
best path forward for this decision and we will have a discussion as as rich as
we will have a discussion as as rich as
we will have a discussion as as rich as any board meeting I've ever been to and
any board meeting I've ever been to and
any board meeting I've ever been to and I don't have to involve anyone but my
I don't have to involve anyone but my
I don't have to involve anyone but my computer and I can do it in my pajamas
computer and I can do it in my pajamas
computer and I can do it in my pajamas at 5 in the morning before I make the
at 5 in the morning before I make the
at 5 in the morning before I make the decision. And so I use that all the time
decision. And so I use that all the time
decision. And so I use that all the time that way. [laughter]
that way. [laughter]
that way. [laughter] >> That's great. That's great. I'll tell
>> That's great. That's great. I'll tell
>> That's great. That's great. I'll tell you like this has been so much fun and I
you like this has been so much fun and I
you like this has been so much fun and I want to have some more of my lightning
want to have some more of my lightning
want to have some more of my lightning round of questions. Now, you ready for
round of questions. Now, you ready for
round of questions. Now, you ready for this?
this?
this? >> I'm ready. Yeah.
>> I'm ready. Yeah.
>> I'm ready. Yeah. >> What three words best describe you?
>> What three words best describe you?
>> What three words best describe you? >> Optimistic, authentic, and fun.
>> Optimistic, authentic, and fun.
>> Optimistic, authentic, and fun. >> If you could be one person for a day
>> If you could be one person for a day
>> If you could be one person for a day beside yourself, who would it be?
beside yourself, who would it be?
beside yourself, who would it be? >> Jesus.
>> Jesus.
>> Jesus. >> What's your biggest pet peeve?
>> What's your biggest pet peeve?
>> What's your biggest pet peeve? >> Negative people.
>> Negative people.
>> Negative people. >> Who would play you in a movie?
>> Who would play you in a movie?
>> Who would play you in a movie? >> Matt Damon.
>> Matt Damon.
>> Matt Damon. >> What's something you're grateful for
>> What's something you're grateful for
>> What's something you're grateful for today?
today?
today? >> My family. Who's been your favorite
>> My family. Who's been your favorite
>> My family. Who's been your favorite playing partner competing in the AT&T
playing partner competing in the AT&T
playing partner competing in the AT&T over the years?
over the years?
over the years? >> Oh, that's such a tough one. I have so
>> Oh, that's such a tough one. I have so
>> Oh, that's such a tough one. I have so many good partners. Oh, man. I can't
many good partners. Oh, man. I can't
many good partners. Oh, man. I can't answer that question. I I would I would
answer that question. I I would I would
answer that question. I I would I would I would hurt someone's feelings.
I would hurt someone's feelings.
I would hurt someone's feelings. >> How How many times you make the cut?
>> How How many times you make the cut?
>> How How many times you make the cut? >> Oh, that's a good one. I've made the cut
>> Oh, that's a good one. I've made the cut
>> Oh, that's a good one. I've made the cut five out of 10 years and I got second
five out of 10 years and I got second
five out of 10 years and I got second twice and I think I'm the only player in
twice and I think I'm the only player in
twice and I think I'm the only player in the history of the tournament to get
the history of the tournament to get
the history of the tournament to get second twice.
second twice.
second twice. >> So, you're not on the rock. [laughter]
>> So, you're not on the rock. [laughter]
>> So, you're not on the rock. [laughter] I'm not on the rock.
I'm not on the rock.
I'm not on the rock. >> What's something you've been curious
>> What's something you've been curious
>> What's something you've been curious about lately that has absolutely nothing
about lately that has absolutely nothing
about lately that has absolutely nothing to do with work?
to do with work?
to do with work? >> I've really been curious about 3D
>> I've really been curious about 3D
>> I've really been curious about 3D printing because my kids are obsessed
printing because my kids are obsessed
printing because my kids are obsessed with it.
with it.
with it. >> What's the one thing you do just for
>> What's the one thing you do just for
>> What's the one thing you do just for you?
you?
you? >> Surfing. I I surfing.
>> Surfing. I I surfing.
>> Surfing. I I surfing. >> Besides your family and friends, what's
>> Besides your family and friends, what's
>> Besides your family and friends, what's your most prized possession?
your most prized possession?
your most prized possession? >> My most I really It's It's such a great
>> My most I really It's It's such a great
>> My most I really It's It's such a great question because I'm not someone that
question because I'm not someone that
question because I'm not someone that holds on to possessions very tightly.
holds on to possessions very tightly.
holds on to possessions very tightly. So, I'm like looking around my house and
So, I'm like looking around my house and
So, I'm like looking around my house and I'm trying to decide. I'm gonna say my
I'm trying to decide. I'm gonna say my
I'm trying to decide. I'm gonna say my enough bracelet now.
enough bracelet now.
enough bracelet now. >> If I turned on the radio in your car,
>> If I turned on the radio in your car,
>> If I turned on the radio in your car, what would I hear?
what would I hear?
what would I hear? >> You would hear whatever my kids want to
>> You would hear whatever my kids want to
>> You would hear whatever my kids want to play. [laughter]
play. [laughter]
play. [laughter] >> What's something about you few people
>> What's something about you few people
>> What's something about you few people would know?
would know?
would know? >> I don't know. I I don't like scary
>> I don't know. I I don't like scary
>> I don't know. I I don't like scary movies. [laughter]
movies. [laughter]
movies. [laughter] >> What's one of your daily rituals?
>> What's one of your daily rituals?
>> What's one of your daily rituals? Something that you never miss?
Something that you never miss?
Something that you never miss? >> Never miss. I drink this thing called
>> Never miss. I drink this thing called
>> Never miss. I drink this thing called morning water every single morning and
morning water every single morning and
morning water every single morning and it it is the best start to my day.
it it is the best start to my day.
it it is the best start to my day. >> Awesome. Awesome. That was a very good
>> Awesome. Awesome. That was a very good
>> Awesome. Awesome. That was a very good lightning round. I enjoyed that very
lightning round. I enjoyed that very
lightning round. I enjoyed that very much. We're out of it.
much. We're out of it.
much. We're out of it. >> Just a few more questions and we'll let
>> Just a few more questions and we'll let
>> Just a few more questions and we'll let you go here. You know, you mentioned
you go here. You know, you mentioned
you go here. You know, you mentioned you'd been divorced a couple times, you
you'd been divorced a couple times, you
you'd been divorced a couple times, you know, and now you're happily married.
know, and now you're happily married.
know, and now you're happily married. >> No, no, not married.
>> No, no, not married.
>> No, no, not married. >> You're not married.
>> You're not married.
>> You're not married. >> I'm happy.
>> I'm happy.
>> I'm happy. >> That's why you're so happy, man.
>> That's why you're so happy, man.
>> That's why you're so happy, man. >> No, no, no. I'm in a I'm in a very great
>> No, no, no. I'm in a I'm in a very great
>> No, no, no. I'm in a I'm in a very great relationship. uh and have a very amazing
relationship. uh and have a very amazing
relationship. uh and have a very amazing partner, but I am not married.
partner, but I am not married.
partner, but I am not married. >> So, how long have you been with her?
>> So, how long have you been with her?
>> So, how long have you been with her? >> Uh, about a year.
>> Uh, about a year.
>> Uh, about a year. >> About a year. All right, great. Well,
>> About a year. All right, great. Well,
>> About a year. All right, great. Well, that's fantastic. I was going to ask you
that's fantastic. I was going to ask you
that's fantastic. I was going to ask you what really drives a long-term
what really drives a long-term
what really drives a long-term partnership, but I'm going to lose that
partnership, but I'm going to lose that
partnership, but I'm going to lose that one.
one.
one. >> Yeah, I don't I don't think this
>> Yeah, I don't I don't think this
>> Yeah, I don't I don't think this interview should have marital advice
interview should have marital advice
interview should have marital advice questions. [laughter]
questions. [laughter]
questions. [laughter] >> There we go.
>> There we go.
>> There we go. >> Pretty much any other topic I feel
>> Pretty much any other topic I feel
>> Pretty much any other topic I feel comfortable.
comfortable.
comfortable. >> You're you're a dad with two young kids,
>> You're you're a dad with two young kids,
>> You're you're a dad with two young kids, you know. How do you lead at home,
you know. How do you lead at home,
you know. How do you lead at home, Blake? I think that, you know, I try to
Blake? I think that, you know, I try to
Blake? I think that, you know, I try to really inspire my kids to be curious. I
really inspire my kids to be curious. I
really inspire my kids to be curious. I try to ask really good questions. Um, I
try to ask really good questions. Um, I
try to ask really good questions. Um, I I involve them in what I'm doing when
I involve them in what I'm doing when
I involve them in what I'm doing when I'm not with them so they really
I'm not with them so they really
I'm not with them so they really understand what lights me up. Uh, and I
understand what lights me up. Uh, and I
understand what lights me up. Uh, and I really encourage them to follow their
really encourage them to follow their
really encourage them to follow their passions, whatever, you know, whatever
passions, whatever, you know, whatever
passions, whatever, you know, whatever that is.
that is.
that is. >> Uh, you know, what do you see as your
>> Uh, you know, what do you see as your
>> Uh, you know, what do you see as your unfinished business? I see my unfinished
unfinished business? I see my unfinished
unfinished business? I see my unfinished businesses
businesses
businesses as is really affecting the world's
as is really affecting the world's
as is really affecting the world's mental health. Like I really believe
mental health. Like I really believe
mental health. Like I really believe that the second half of my life is going
that the second half of my life is going
that the second half of my life is going to be completely focused on helping us
to be completely focused on helping us
to be completely focused on helping us as a society really reverse all these
as a society really reverse all these
as a society really reverse all these horrible trends and mental illness and
horrible trends and mental illness and
horrible trends and mental illness and suicide. And I really believe I can.
suicide. And I really believe I can.
suicide. And I really believe I can. >> And what's one piece of advice you'd
>> And what's one piece of advice you'd
>> And what's one piece of advice you'd give to anyone who wants to be a better
give to anyone who wants to be a better
give to anyone who wants to be a better leader?
leader?
leader? >> Business is personal. You know, I hate
>> Business is personal. You know, I hate
>> Business is personal. You know, I hate that saying when they say it's not
that saying when they say it's not
that saying when they say it's not personal, it's business. I think that's
personal, it's business. I think that's
personal, it's business. I think that's I think business is the most
I think business is the most
I think business is the most personal, intimate thing you will ever
personal, intimate thing you will ever
personal, intimate thing you will ever do. And the more intimate you are, the
do. And the more intimate you are, the
do. And the more intimate you are, the more open you are, the more you lead
more open you are, the more you lead
more open you are, the more you lead with your heart, the better leader
with your heart, the better leader
with your heart, the better leader you'll be.
you'll be.
you'll be. >> Yeah. You know, Blake, this has really
>> Yeah. You know, Blake, this has really
>> Yeah. You know, Blake, this has really been a fascinating conversation. And you
been a fascinating conversation. And you
been a fascinating conversation. And you know, it's rare when you meet someone
know, it's rare when you meet someone
know, it's rare when you meet someone who has the the business capacity you
who has the the business capacity you
who has the the business capacity you have, but also has the loving capacity
have, but also has the loving capacity
have, but also has the loving capacity you have. I mean, I think love drives
you have. I mean, I think love drives
you have. I mean, I think love drives you a lot, you know, and you know, how
you a lot, you know, and you know, how
you a lot, you know, and you know, how important do you think that is, Blake,
important do you think that is, Blake,
important do you think that is, Blake, in terms of just just who you are and
in terms of just just who you are and
in terms of just just who you are and how you do things?
how you do things?
how you do things? >> I mean, it's just it's just how I live,
>> I mean, it's just it's just how I live,
>> I mean, it's just it's just how I live, you know? It's it's I mean, here I have
you know? It's it's I mean, here I have
you know? It's it's I mean, here I have it tattooed. I'll show you. It says,
it tattooed. I'll show you. It says,
it tattooed. I'll show you. It says, let's see if I can sit here. It's a
let's see if I can sit here. It's a
let's see if I can sit here. It's a heart. for those who are not watching
heart. for those who are not watching
heart. for those who are not watching and it says whatever the question love
and it says whatever the question love
and it says whatever the question love is the answer
is the answer
is the answer >> and um I just think that you know it's
>> and um I just think that you know it's
>> and um I just think that you know it's the most important
the most important
the most important um ingredient to a to a full life to
um ingredient to a to a full life to
um ingredient to a to a full life to success to meaning it all goes back to
success to meaning it all goes back to
success to meaning it all goes back to just how do we love better
just how do we love better
just how do we love better >> yeah that's like I don't know what what
>> yeah that's like I don't know what what
>> yeah that's like I don't know what what it was in me that asked that question
it was in me that asked that question
it was in me that asked that question but I had no idea you had that tattoo
but I had no idea you had that tattoo
but I had no idea you had that tattoo but but but I do have you right and
but but but I do have you right and
but but but I do have you right and you're you're one hell of a leader
you're you're one hell of a leader
you're you're one hell of a leader Peter, and I'm going to ask you one more
Peter, and I'm going to ask you one more
Peter, and I'm going to ask you one more question before we go here because I I
question before we go here because I I
question before we go here because I I forgot to ask this one. You you're
forgot to ask this one. You you're
forgot to ask this one. You you're you're going to be a podcaster yourself.
you're going to be a podcaster yourself.
you're going to be a podcaster yourself. >> Yes. Yeah.
>> Yes. Yeah.
>> Yes. Yeah. >> And and you've got a podcast called No
>> And and you've got a podcast called No
>> And and you've got a podcast called No Magic Pill. It's going to be launched in
Magic Pill. It's going to be launched in
Magic Pill. It's going to be launched in in May. Uh tell us about it.
in May. Uh tell us about it.
in May. Uh tell us about it. >> Yeah. I mean, this is like the f my
>> Yeah. I mean, this is like the f my
>> Yeah. I mean, this is like the f my favorite thing I'm doing these days.
favorite thing I'm doing these days.
favorite thing I'm doing these days. Like I love building enough and the team
Like I love building enough and the team
Like I love building enough and the team and out promoting and you know getting
and out promoting and you know getting
and out promoting and you know getting people excited but but but this podcast
people excited but but but this podcast
people excited but but but this podcast No magic pill is just it came from just
No magic pill is just it came from just
No magic pill is just it came from just a deep passion to help others who might
a deep passion to help others who might
a deep passion to help others who might be suffering. You know when I was really
be suffering. You know when I was really
be suffering. You know when I was really suffering I couldn't find something to
suffering I couldn't find something to
suffering I couldn't find something to listen to every week that would give me
listen to every week that would give me
listen to every week that would give me ideas on how I could potentially get out
ideas on how I could potentially get out
ideas on how I could potentially get out of it or you know give me encouragement.
of it or you know give me encouragement.
of it or you know give me encouragement. And so no magic pill is all about you
And so no magic pill is all about you
And so no magic pill is all about you know the path to mental wellness. There
know the path to mental wellness. There
know the path to mental wellness. There is no magic pill. There is no one way. I
is no magic pill. There is no one way. I
is no magic pill. There is no one way. I mean, I tried everything to feel better.
mean, I tried everything to feel better.
mean, I tried everything to feel better. And so, every week I have different
And so, every week I have different
And so, every week I have different people on who share their mental health
people on who share their mental health
people on who share their mental health journeys. You know, I was just with
journeys. You know, I was just with
journeys. You know, I was just with Kevin Love, great basketball player last
Kevin Love, great basketball player last
Kevin Love, great basketball player last week, you know, and then I had Michael
week, you know, and then I had Michael
week, you know, and then I had Michael Pollen, you know, a great writer and
Pollen, you know, a great writer and
Pollen, you know, a great writer and author about, you know, psychedelics and
author about, you know, psychedelics and
author about, you know, psychedelics and mental health and and, you know, and and
mental health and and, you know, and and
mental health and and, you know, and and and really everyone in between. But we
and really everyone in between. But we
and really everyone in between. But we all need that encouragement, but more
all need that encouragement, but more
all need that encouragement, but more importantly, we need the tools and the
importantly, we need the tools and the
importantly, we need the tools and the resources when we might be stuck, when
resources when we might be stuck, when
resources when we might be stuck, when we might be struggling, we might not
we might be struggling, we might not
we might be struggling, we might not know where to turn. And um hopefully no
know where to turn. And um hopefully no
know where to turn. And um hopefully no magic pill will be that place for
magic pill will be that place for
magic pill will be that place for people. I have just so enjoyed doing
people. I have just so enjoyed doing
people. I have just so enjoyed doing these interviews and the season launch
these interviews and the season launch
these interviews and the season launch on m on May 5th.
on m on May 5th.
on m on May 5th. >> You know it's interesting you know with
>> You know it's interesting you know with
>> You know it's interesting you know with Tom's you and your other businesses you
Tom's you and your other businesses you
Tom's you and your other businesses you improve lives. You know with this
improve lives. You know with this
improve lives. You know with this business you're going to save a lot of
business you're going to save a lot of
business you're going to save a lot of lives.
lives.
lives. >> I think so.
>> I think so.
>> I think so. >> And uh I think it's great and uh you
>> And uh I think it's great and uh you
>> And uh I think it's great and uh you know I've I've learned a lot by
know I've I've learned a lot by
know I've I've learned a lot by listening to you and appreciate all
listening to you and appreciate all
listening to you and appreciate all you're doing. So thank you for being on
you're doing. So thank you for being on
you're doing. So thank you for being on the show.
the show.
the show. >> Thank you David.
>> Thank you David.
>> Thank you David. >> [music]
>> David, this conversation with [music]
>> David, this conversation with [music] Blake is such an important one that
Blake is such an important one that
Blake is such an important one that leaders everywhere need to be having
leaders everywhere need to be having
leaders everywhere need to be having with themselves and with the people that
with themselves and with the people that
with themselves and with the people that they lead. I'm so impressed with his
they lead. I'm so impressed with his
they lead. I'm so impressed with his willingness to just be open about the
willingness to just be open about the
willingness to just be open about the real struggles that he's faced over the
real struggles that he's faced over the
real struggles that he's faced over the course of his life and success. And uh
course of his life and success. And uh
course of his life and success. And uh it gives people permission to also say
it gives people permission to also say
it gives people permission to also say that they're struggling as well. And I'm
that they're struggling as well. And I'm
that they're struggling as well. And I'm just so grateful that um we had him on
just so grateful that um we had him on
just so grateful that um we had him on the show and that he was so open about
the show and that he was so open about
the show and that he was so open about what he's been going through and and
what he's been going through and and
what he's been going through and and just normalizes it for any leader that
just normalizes it for any leader that
just normalizes it for any leader that has experience that level of success.
has experience that level of success.
has experience that level of success. >> You know, I think Blake really just
>> You know, I think Blake really just
>> You know, I think Blake really just absolutely nailed the importance of of
absolutely nailed the importance of of
absolutely nailed the importance of of being open, being vulnerable, and and
being open, being vulnerable, and and
being open, being vulnerable, and and just sharing. Uh,
just sharing. Uh,
just sharing. Uh, >> and I I I I loved how he talked about
>> and I I I I loved how he talked about
>> and I I I I loved how he talked about how he got in the dumps even to the
how he got in the dumps even to the
how he got in the dumps even to the point where he he even thought about
point where he he even thought about
point where he he even thought about taking his life because he lost his his
taking his life because he lost his his
taking his life because he lost his his why. You know, he sold Tom's. He no
why. You know, he sold Tom's. He no
why. You know, he sold Tom's. He no longer had purpose. He had all kinds of
longer had purpose. He had all kinds of
longer had purpose. He had all kinds of money.
money.
money. You know, the Bible says money can be
You know, the Bible says money can be
You know, the Bible says money can be the root of all evils. Well, it became
the root of all evils. Well, it became
the root of all evils. Well, it became that for him. He lost his marriage. She
that for him. He lost his marriage. She
that for him. He lost his marriage. She just chased a lot of things that that
just chased a lot of things that that
just chased a lot of things that that didn't make a lot of sense and and it it
didn't make a lot of sense and and it it
didn't make a lot of sense and and it it took him down this rat hole that he had
took him down this rat hole that he had
took him down this rat hole that he had a hard time getting out of until he
a hard time getting out of until he
a hard time getting out of until he really got therapy. And you know it was
really got therapy. And you know it was
really got therapy. And you know it was very interesting that that therapy and
very interesting that that therapy and
very interesting that that therapy and that self-discovery has led him into a
that self-discovery has led him into a
that self-discovery has led him into a new career uh a new brand that he's
new career uh a new brand that he's
new career uh a new brand that he's creating enough uh where basically you
creating enough uh where basically you
creating enough uh where basically you know every one of us has been made in
know every one of us has been made in
know every one of us has been made in God's image and God has given us enough
God's image and God has given us enough
God's image and God has given us enough to to to deal with life wherever it
to to to deal with life wherever it
to to to deal with life wherever it might take us and uh he he he has he's
might take us and uh he he he has he's
might take us and uh he he he has he's taken his one for one model and you can
taken his one for one model and you can
taken his one for one model and you can order uh these enough bracelets and and
order uh these enough bracelets and and
order uh these enough bracelets and and then get one for yourself and give it to
then get one for yourself and give it to
then get one for yourself and give it to another person. And and he's he's now
another person. And and he's he's now
another person. And and he's he's now he's back on his game and he's he's he's
he's back on his game and he's he's he's
he's back on his game and he's he's he's living life the way he he wants to live
living life the way he he wants to live
living life the way he he wants to live life. And you know, he still has issues
life. And you know, he still has issues
life. And you know, he still has issues he has to deal with, but he's he's doing
he has to deal with, but he's he's doing
he has to deal with, but he's he's doing it by helping other people. And the fact
it by helping other people. And the fact
it by helping other people. And the fact that he could come out and be so open
that he could come out and be so open
that he could come out and be so open about his problems, I think really says
about his problems, I think really says
about his problems, I think really says to every leader that, you know, you got
to every leader that, you know, you got
to every leader that, you know, you got to you got to take care of yourself. You
to you got to take care of yourself. You
to you got to take care of yourself. You you you got to hear what's those
you you got to hear what's those
you you got to hear what's those thoughts that you have and what's in
thoughts that you have and what's in
thoughts that you have and what's in your mind and you got to make yourself
your mind and you got to make yourself
your mind and you got to make yourself healthy so you can build a healthy
healthy so you can build a healthy
healthy so you can build a healthy organization and and have a healthy
organization and and have a healthy
organization and and have a healthy life. And you know I really admire him
life. And you know I really admire him
life. And you know I really admire him for doing that. And by the way uh I went
for doing that. And by the way uh I went
for doing that. And by the way uh I went online ordered the enough bracelets and
online ordered the enough bracelets and
online ordered the enough bracelets and and within this I love this because you
and within this I love this because you
and within this I love this because you can write a letter to somebody telling
can write a letter to somebody telling
can write a letter to somebody telling them that they're enough. So, I sent uh
them that they're enough. So, I sent uh
them that they're enough. So, I sent uh a a letter and the bracelet to to both
a a letter and the bracelet to to both
a a letter and the bracelet to to both of my granddaughters
of my granddaughters
of my granddaughters >> telling telling them why they were so
>> telling telling them why they were so
>> telling telling them why they were so special, all the talents that they have,
special, all the talents that they have,
special, all the talents that they have, why they have enough to do to deal with
why they have enough to do to deal with
why they have enough to do to deal with whatever. And you know, in this world
whatever. And you know, in this world
whatever. And you know, in this world where social media can take you this way
where social media can take you this way
where social media can take you this way and that way, you know, it was really a
and that way, you know, it was really a
and that way, you know, it was really a wonderful gift for me personally to give
wonderful gift for me personally to give
wonderful gift for me personally to give it to them. Uh and they really really
it to them. Uh and they really really
it to them. Uh and they really really appreciate it. And they the good news
appreciate it. And they the good news
appreciate it. And they the good news for them is, you know, they they they're
for them is, you know, they they they're
for them is, you know, they they they're both, you know, very happy and and
both, you know, very happy and and
both, you know, very happy and and go-lucky kids and, you know, feeling
go-lucky kids and, you know, feeling
go-lucky kids and, you know, feeling great about school and their friends.
great about school and their friends.
great about school and their friends. But I think even then in situations like
But I think even then in situations like
But I think even then in situations like that when you when you on the outside
that when you when you on the outside
that when you when you on the outside you have it all, everybody struggles.
you have it all, everybody struggles.
you have it all, everybody struggles. Everybody thinks about what we don't
Everybody thinks about what we don't
Everybody thinks about what we don't have. And and to have a brand built on
have. And and to have a brand built on
have. And and to have a brand built on helping us understand that we all have
helping us understand that we all have
helping us understand that we all have enough. I I I love it. So hats off to
enough. I I I love it. So hats off to
enough. I I I love it. So hats off to Blake. and uh you know I wish him all
Blake. and uh you know I wish him all
Blake. and uh you know I wish him all the best in that that endeavor.
the best in that that endeavor.
the best in that that endeavor. >> I love it too. You know David, in that
>> I love it too. You know David, in that
>> I love it too. You know David, in that same vein, I'm curious your take on
same vein, I'm curious your take on
same vein, I'm curious your take on this. What can leaders everywhere do to
this. What can leaders everywhere do to
this. What can leaders everywhere do to make that conversation a normal
make that conversation a normal
make that conversation a normal conversation to have in a work
conversation to have in a work
conversation to have in a work environment?
environment?
environment? >> First, I I don't know that it ever could
>> First, I I don't know that it ever could
>> First, I I don't know that it ever could be in a normal conversation. You know, I
be in a normal conversation. You know, I
be in a normal conversation. You know, I think this is something where you have
think this is something where you have
think this is something where you have to dig down personally and figure out
to dig down personally and figure out
to dig down personally and figure out what you want to share, what you don't
what you want to share, what you don't
what you want to share, what you don't want to share. But one of the things I
want to share. But one of the things I
want to share. But one of the things I think leaders can do is be vulnerable
think leaders can do is be vulnerable
think leaders can do is be vulnerable and talk about the deal the things that
and talk about the deal the things that
and talk about the deal the things that they're dealing with. You the times when
they're dealing with. You the times when
they're dealing with. You the times when they didn't really measure up to their
they didn't really measure up to their
they didn't really measure up to their own expectations and when you talk about
own expectations and when you talk about
own expectations and when you talk about how you're not necessarily perfect which
how you're not necessarily perfect which
how you're not necessarily perfect which was very easy for me to do. Okay. You
was very easy for me to do. Okay. You
was very easy for me to do. Okay. You know that makes others know that they
know that makes others know that they
know that makes others know that they don't have to be perfect as well. So I
don't have to be perfect as well. So I
don't have to be perfect as well. So I think the leader has to open themselves
think the leader has to open themselves
think the leader has to open themselves up first and that gives per permission
up first and that gives per permission
up first and that gives per permission to to others to do it. Then I also think
to to others to do it. Then I also think
to to others to do it. Then I also think the leader has to be highly empathetic.
the leader has to be highly empathetic.
the leader has to be highly empathetic. A really good leader is very observant
A really good leader is very observant
A really good leader is very observant and you see when people are down, you
and you see when people are down, you
and you see when people are down, you see when people are struggling and
see when people are struggling and
see when people are struggling and that's when you go into their office and
that's when you go into their office and
that's when you go into their office and say, "Hey, how you doing?" You know, you
say, "Hey, how you doing?" You know, you
say, "Hey, how you doing?" You know, you don't just seem like your normal self.
don't just seem like your normal self.
don't just seem like your normal self. Is there anything I can do to help? But
Is there anything I can do to help? But
Is there anything I can do to help? But more importantly, you just listen. how
more importantly, you just listen. how
more importantly, you just listen. how you doing? And listen, keep your mouth
you doing? And listen, keep your mouth
you doing? And listen, keep your mouth shut and listen. I think when you do
shut and listen. I think when you do
shut and listen. I think when you do that, you learn where people are at and
that, you learn where people are at and
that, you learn where people are at and then you can help them move on. Uh
then you can help them move on. Uh
then you can help them move on. Uh either yourself or you can get them
either yourself or you can get them
either yourself or you can get them help, but you just let people know
help, but you just let people know
help, but you just let people know you're there for them. That's the most
you're there for them. That's the most
you're there for them. That's the most important thing. And you know, I I
important thing. And you know, I I
important thing. And you know, I I always use this line, I wish I would
always use this line, I wish I would
always use this line, I wish I would have come up with myself. You know, Sam
have come up with myself. You know, Sam
have come up with myself. You know, Sam Walton, use the line, nobody will care
Walton, use the line, nobody will care
Walton, use the line, nobody will care about you until you show them that you
about you until you show them that you
about you until you show them that you care about them. And that's what I think
care about them. And that's what I think
care about them. And that's what I think leaders do. That's what leaders should
leaders do. That's what leaders should
leaders do. That's what leaders should do anyway.
do anyway.
do anyway. >> I love that. That uh is at the heart of
>> I love that. That uh is at the heart of
>> I love that. That uh is at the heart of really every decision that leaders
really every decision that leaders
really every decision that leaders should make, not only in the context of
should make, not only in the context of
should make, not only in the context of mental health and checking in with
mental health and checking in with
mental health and checking in with people, but really in creating culture
people, but really in creating culture
people, but really in creating culture as well. This idea of making everybody
as well. This idea of making everybody
as well. This idea of making everybody realize that their contribution matters
realize that their contribution matters
realize that their contribution matters and that they matter is really paramount
and that they matter is really paramount
and that they matter is really paramount to creating healthy work environment
to creating healthy work environment
to creating healthy work environment anywhere.
anywhere.
anywhere. >> Yeah, absolutely. We've we've said this
>> Yeah, absolutely. We've we've said this
>> Yeah, absolutely. We've we've said this before. People leave for two reasons.
before. People leave for two reasons.
before. People leave for two reasons. they don't feel appreciated uh for what
they don't feel appreciated uh for what
they don't feel appreciated uh for what they do and they don't get along with
they do and they don't get along with
they do and they don't get along with their boss. So those things are
their boss. So those things are
their boss. So those things are intertwined and you know I think you
intertwined and you know I think you
intertwined and you know I think you know having a coaching mentality where
know having a coaching mentality where
know having a coaching mentality where you appreciate people for what they do
you appreciate people for what they do
you appreciate people for what they do is set you apart and what a lot of
is set you apart and what a lot of
is set you apart and what a lot of research says today 80% of people say
research says today 80% of people say
research says today 80% of people say they work in toxic work environments.
they work in toxic work environments.
they work in toxic work environments. That's why we're doing this podcast. I
That's why we're doing this podcast. I
That's why we're doing this podcast. I mean we have our noble cost too. We we
mean we have our noble cost too. We we
mean we have our noble cost too. We we want to make the world a better place by
want to make the world a better place by
want to make the world a better place by developing better leaders. If if you're
developing better leaders. If if you're
developing better leaders. If if you're listening out there and you can pick up
listening out there and you can pick up
listening out there and you can pick up uh one or two things that help you be a
uh one or two things that help you be a
uh one or two things that help you be a better person, create a better
better person, create a better
better person, create a better environment for your team, create a
environment for your team, create a
environment for your team, create a better culture, get results the right
better culture, get results the right
better culture, get results the right way, man, we're making a difference not
way, man, we're making a difference not
way, man, we're making a difference not only in your life, but we're making a
only in your life, but we're making a
only in your life, but we're making a difference in the people that you have
difference in the people that you have
difference in the people that you have the privilege of leading.
the privilege of leading.
the privilege of leading. >> Absolutely, David. That's a great segue
>> Absolutely, David. That's a great segue
>> Absolutely, David. That's a great segue into the next concept that I want to
into the next concept that I want to
into the next concept that I want to break down with you. Blake talks a lot
break down with you. Blake talks a lot
break down with you. Blake talks a lot in the episode about purpose and how his
in the episode about purpose and how his
in the episode about purpose and how his team at Tom stayed connected to the why
team at Tom stayed connected to the why
team at Tom stayed connected to the why of their business. He mentioned doing
of their business. He mentioned doing
of their business. He mentioned doing the shoe drop trips where he would take
the shoe drop trips where he would take
the shoe drop trips where he would take his team and eventually some of his
his team and eventually some of his
his team and eventually some of his customers to deliver the shoes to the
customers to deliver the shoes to the
customers to deliver the shoes to the people in need. And now that same sense
people in need. And now that same sense
people in need. And now that same sense of purpose is really driving everything
of purpose is really driving everything
of purpose is really driving everything that he's doing with enough. David, how
that he's doing with enough. David, how
that he's doing with enough. David, how do you suggest that leaders stay
do you suggest that leaders stay
do you suggest that leaders stay connected to their why when their
connected to their why when their
connected to their why when their business model is not necessarily the
business model is not necessarily the
business model is not necessarily the onetoone model like a Tom's is?
onetoone model like a Tom's is?
onetoone model like a Tom's is? >> Yeah. Well, I think what uh Blake did
>> Yeah. Well, I think what uh Blake did
>> Yeah. Well, I think what uh Blake did with his team is he created shared
with his team is he created shared
with his team is he created shared experiences, you know, that connect you
experiences, you know, that connect you
experiences, you know, that connect you to the why. You know, for me, it was
to the why. You know, for me, it was
to the why. You know, for me, it was going on bus trips, you know, with my my
going on bus trips, you know, with my my
going on bus trips, you know, with my my team and listening to customers talk
team and listening to customers talk
team and listening to customers talk about our brands and other brands and
about our brands and other brands and
about our brands and other brands and what were we in business to do? Make our
what were we in business to do? Make our
what were we in business to do? Make our customers happy, put a yum on their
customers happy, put a yum on their
customers happy, put a yum on their faces and and figure out how to do that.
faces and and figure out how to do that.
faces and and figure out how to do that. And you know, by listening to customers
And you know, by listening to customers
And you know, by listening to customers together, that that connected us to to
together, that that connected us to to
together, that that connected us to to the why u the you know, Blake would take
the why u the you know, Blake would take
the why u the you know, Blake would take his team to these countries where kids
his team to these countries where kids
his team to these countries where kids didn't have shoes and he'd have the his
didn't have shoes and he'd have the his
didn't have shoes and he'd have the his team members would put the shoes on the
team members would put the shoes on the
team members would put the shoes on the the kids and uh it was an emotional
the kids and uh it was an emotional
the kids and uh it was an emotional experience that brought everybody to the
experience that brought everybody to the
experience that brought everybody to the Y. That was a shared experience. Uh you
Y. That was a shared experience. Uh you
Y. That was a shared experience. Uh you know, for for me at Young Brands, we
know, for for me at Young Brands, we
know, for for me at Young Brands, we wanted to be the defining global company
wanted to be the defining global company
wanted to be the defining global company that feeds the world. We wanted to feed
that feeds the world. We wanted to feed
that feeds the world. We wanted to feed people uh our our products all around
people uh our our products all around
people uh our our products all around the world, make it affordable for people
the world, make it affordable for people
the world, make it affordable for people all around the world. So, you know, we
all around the world. So, you know, we
all around the world. So, you know, we wanted to make our brands vibrant
wanted to make our brands vibrant
wanted to make our brands vibrant wherever we do business and and we we
wherever we do business and and we we
wherever we do business and and we we wanted to create a a recognition culture
wanted to create a a recognition culture
wanted to create a a recognition culture that we would become famous and other
that we would become famous and other
that we would become famous and other people would want to emulate. And we
people would want to emulate. And we
people would want to emulate. And we wanted to feed people who couldn't
wanted to feed people who couldn't
wanted to feed people who couldn't afford our food that and so we made you
afford our food that and so we made you
afford our food that and so we made you know uh feeding the hungry our our noble
know uh feeding the hungry our our noble
know uh feeding the hungry our our noble cause feeding the poor a noble cause. So
cause feeding the poor a noble cause. So
cause feeding the poor a noble cause. So that's why we tied in with the world
that's why we tied in with the world
that's why we tied in with the world food program. And what we did there is
food program. And what we did there is
food program. And what we did there is we go to Guatemala and Costa Rica and
we go to Guatemala and Costa Rica and
we go to Guatemala and Costa Rica and Haiti and and we go there with the
Haiti and and we go there with the
Haiti and and we go there with the United Nations food program and and you
United Nations food program and and you
United Nations food program and and you know give people the food and be there
know give people the food and be there
know give people the food and be there to see the need that was out there. And
to see the need that was out there. And
to see the need that was out there. And these were people who could never even
these were people who could never even
these were people who could never even afford to go into a Taco Bell. Uh you
afford to go into a Taco Bell. Uh you
afford to go into a Taco Bell. Uh you know, and you know, we had the number
know, and you know, we had the number
know, and you know, we had the number one value rating in the world, but you
one value rating in the world, but you
one value rating in the world, but you know, people couldn't afford to to to go
know, people couldn't afford to to to go
know, people couldn't afford to to to go into a Taco Bell. And but you know, that
into a Taco Bell. And but you know, that
into a Taco Bell. And but you know, that created a shared experience that we
created a shared experience that we
created a shared experience that we talked about. And you know, creating
talked about. And you know, creating
talked about. And you know, creating shared uh experiences across those those
shared uh experiences across those those
shared uh experiences across those those those aspects of of your business are
those aspects of of your business are
those aspects of of your business are important. like building vibrant brands.
important. like building vibrant brands.
important. like building vibrant brands. I always shared what was going on when I
I always shared what was going on when I
I always shared what was going on when I saw people doing great jobs build making
saw people doing great jobs build making
saw people doing great jobs build making our brands loved and valued around the
our brands loved and valued around the
our brands loved and valued around the world. I would send out emails and
world. I would send out emails and
world. I would send out emails and pictures of what I was seeing, you know,
pictures of what I was seeing, you know,
pictures of what I was seeing, you know, our recognition culture. We sh we I
our recognition culture. We sh we I
our recognition culture. We sh we I always shared all the recognition that
always shared all the recognition that
always shared all the recognition that was happening all around the world. And
was happening all around the world. And
was happening all around the world. And you know, that's how you that shared
you know, that's how you that shared
you know, that's how you that shared experience, you know, is is is is how
experience, you know, is is is is how
experience, you know, is is is is how you you really get people connected to
you you really get people connected to
you you really get people connected to your why. Well, Blake is obviously a a
your why. Well, Blake is obviously a a
your why. Well, Blake is obviously a a wildly entrepreneurial leader and it was
wildly entrepreneurial leader and it was
wildly entrepreneurial leader and it was so interesting in the episode when he
so interesting in the episode when he
so interesting in the episode when he talked about all the businesses that he
talked about all the businesses that he
talked about all the businesses that he had started even before Tom's. You asked
had started even before Tom's. You asked
had started even before Tom's. You asked him what one of his key learnings about
him what one of his key learnings about
him what one of his key learnings about being a successful entrepreneur was and
being a successful entrepreneur was and
being a successful entrepreneur was and his answer was really interesting. He
his answer was really interesting. He
his answer was really interesting. He said that the number one thing that he
said that the number one thing that he
said that the number one thing that he accredits most of his success to is that
accredits most of his success to is that
accredits most of his success to is that he went into every business as an
he went into every business as an
he went into every business as an industry outsider. He says that's a big
industry outsider. He says that's a big
industry outsider. He says that's a big part of what helped him stay innovative
part of what helped him stay innovative
part of what helped him stay innovative as he started all these businesses. And
as he started all these businesses. And
as he started all these businesses. And I'm curious what your take on that is. I
I'm curious what your take on that is. I
I'm curious what your take on that is. I mean, is being inexperienced in an
mean, is being inexperienced in an
mean, is being inexperienced in an industry an advantage?
industry an advantage?
industry an advantage? >> Yeah. Oh, I I think what he's really
>> Yeah. Oh, I I think what he's really
>> Yeah. Oh, I I think what he's really saying is that he didn't know anything
saying is that he didn't know anything
saying is that he didn't know anything about these businesses he went into. He
about these businesses he went into. He
about these businesses he went into. He went into laundry service for college
went into laundry service for college
went into laundry service for college students, billboard company, driver's
students, billboard company, driver's
students, billboard company, driver's ed, you know, the shoe company. In every
ed, you know, the shoe company. In every
ed, you know, the shoe company. In every case, he didn't know anything about
case, he didn't know anything about
case, he didn't know anything about about the category. And what that forced
about the category. And what that forced
about the category. And what that forced him to do though was to have a curious
him to do though was to have a curious
him to do though was to have a curious mind. You know, many people talk about
mind. You know, many people talk about
mind. You know, many people talk about how you need to look at your business
how you need to look at your business
how you need to look at your business like a child would. You know, go into go
like a child would. You know, go into go
like a child would. You know, go into go into your store and look at it like
into your store and look at it like
into your store and look at it like you're a kid with wonderment and just
you're a kid with wonderment and just
you're a kid with wonderment and just see it from a fresh perspective. And
see it from a fresh perspective. And
see it from a fresh perspective. And that's what he's getting at. And if you
that's what he's getting at. And if you
that's what he's getting at. And if you don't know something about a category,
don't know something about a category,
don't know something about a category, you you have a have a much easier or
you you have a have a much easier or
you you have a have a much easier or much more likely way to disrupt it
much more likely way to disrupt it
much more likely way to disrupt it because you're not tied into
because you're not tied into
because you're not tied into conventional thinking. So, he would look
conventional thinking. So, he would look
conventional thinking. So, he would look at things from the outside and say,
at things from the outside and say,
at things from the outside and say, "Hey, why don't we do this?" and and
"Hey, why don't we do this?" and and
"Hey, why don't we do this?" and and then he changed the name of the game and
then he changed the name of the game and
then he changed the name of the game and you know having those fresh eyes is what
you know having those fresh eyes is what
you know having those fresh eyes is what he's really really talking about that
he's really really talking about that
he's really really talking about that the other thing is is that he didn't
the other thing is is that he didn't
the other thing is is that he didn't know anything about shoes but he is a
know anything about shoes but he is a
know anything about shoes but he is a voracious learner. He combined this
voracious learner. He combined this
voracious learner. He combined this curiosity
curiosity
curiosity and that gave him a freshness when he
and that gave him a freshness when he
and that gave him a freshness when he looked at the category with building the
looked at the category with building the
looked at the category with building the knowhow it would take to be successful.
knowhow it would take to be successful.
knowhow it would take to be successful. So he learned how to make shoes, he
So he learned how to make shoes, he
So he learned how to make shoes, he learned how to do the laundry, he
learned how to do the laundry, he
learned how to do the laundry, he learned how to, you know, have a
learned how to, you know, have a
learned how to, you know, have a billboard company. He learned how to get
billboard company. He learned how to get
billboard company. He learned how to get into driver's ed and really make a
into driver's ed and really make a
into driver's ed and really make a difference. He learned these kinds of
difference. He learned these kinds of
difference. He learned these kinds of things. And I think that's what really
things. And I think that's what really
things. And I think that's what really makes him a a special leader. And then
makes him a a special leader. And then
makes him a a special leader. And then he would come up with innovative things
he would come up with innovative things
he would come up with innovative things like his onetoone business model. That's
like his onetoone business model. That's
like his onetoone business model. That's very powerful thinking. And look what
very powerful thinking. And look what
very powerful thinking. And look what happened. You know, he made a big
happened. You know, he made a big
happened. You know, he made a big difference in the shoe business, but he
difference in the shoe business, but he
difference in the shoe business, but he also changed a lot of business. Look at
also changed a lot of business. Look at
also changed a lot of business. Look at Warby Parker's doing it too where you
Warby Parker's doing it too where you
Warby Parker's doing it too where you buy buy a pair of glasses and they give
buy buy a pair of glasses and they give
buy buy a pair of glasses and they give give another pair to someone in need.
give another pair to someone in need.
give another pair to someone in need. you know, we did a podcast with them.
you know, we did a podcast with them.
you know, we did a podcast with them. They took that model and they made it
They took that model and they made it
They took that model and they made it work and a lot of other businesses are
work and a lot of other businesses are
work and a lot of other businesses are doing that as well. Uh there another
doing that as well. Uh there another
doing that as well. Uh there another thing I really thought was really
thing I really thought was really
thing I really thought was really interesting is that you know he sold
interesting is that you know he sold
interesting is that you know he sold Tom's
Tom's
Tom's and Tom's stopped that model. Okay. And
and Tom's stopped that model. Okay. And
and Tom's stopped that model. Okay. And I'm sure that you know that's hard for
I'm sure that you know that's hard for
I'm sure that you know that's hard for leaders when you when you leave a
leaders when you when you leave a
leaders when you when you leave a business and something that you really
business and something that you really
business and something that you really believe in people abandon. you know, I
believe in people abandon. you know, I
believe in people abandon. you know, I mean, I'm sure that had a huge impact on
mean, I'm sure that had a huge impact on
mean, I'm sure that had a huge impact on on on him when when that happened. Uh,
on on him when when that happened. Uh,
on on him when when that happened. Uh, and he was very quick to point out to me
and he was very quick to point out to me
and he was very quick to point out to me that he wasn't the one that did that.
that he wasn't the one that did that.
that he wasn't the one that did that. Okay. It it was somebody else. And and
Okay. It it was somebody else. And and
Okay. It it was somebody else. And and uh anyway, I I I think that's another
uh anyway, I I I think that's another
uh anyway, I I I think that's another thing you have to do with as a leader is
thing you have to do with as a leader is
thing you have to do with as a leader is when you when you move on, you you kind
when you when you move on, you you kind
when you when you move on, you you kind of got to hope that what you what you
of got to hope that what you what you
of got to hope that what you what you created sticks. If it doesn't stick,
created sticks. If it doesn't stick,
created sticks. If it doesn't stick, just just know that somebody's there
just just know that somebody's there
just just know that somebody's there trying to do it better than you. That's
trying to do it better than you. That's
trying to do it better than you. That's very hard to do because you think
very hard to do because you think
very hard to do because you think typically you've done it pretty well.
typically you've done it pretty well.
typically you've done it pretty well. Okay? Like a at Young Brands, if if I
Okay? Like a at Young Brands, if if I
Okay? Like a at Young Brands, if if I went to a Young Brands meeting and they
went to a Young Brands meeting and they
went to a Young Brands meeting and they didn't do recognition, it it would kill
didn't do recognition, it it would kill
didn't do recognition, it it would kill me. If I went to a Yum Brands meeting
me. If I went to a Yum Brands meeting
me. If I went to a Yum Brands meeting and they didn't do a Yum Cheer, it would
and they didn't do a Yum Cheer, it would
and they didn't do a Yum Cheer, it would kill me. And you know, I've been to uh
kill me. And you know, I've been to uh
kill me. And you know, I've been to uh Yum a few times and the recognition is
Yum a few times and the recognition is
Yum a few times and the recognition is still going going wild, but I didn't see
still going going wild, but I didn't see
still going going wild, but I didn't see as many uh Yum chairs as I would have
as many uh Yum chairs as I would have
as many uh Yum chairs as I would have liked to have seen. Okay. But hey, you
liked to have seen. Okay. But hey, you
liked to have seen. Okay. But hey, you know, life goes on.
know, life goes on.
know, life goes on. >> David, I think it's fantastic that Yum
>> David, I think it's fantastic that Yum
>> David, I think it's fantastic that Yum Brands is continuing that culture of
Brands is continuing that culture of
Brands is continuing that culture of recognition and incorporating it into
recognition and incorporating it into
recognition and incorporating it into everything they do. And it's also
everything they do. And it's also
everything they do. And it's also fantastic that Young Brands is also a
fantastic that Young Brands is also a
fantastic that Young Brands is also a best practice for other companies to
best practice for other companies to
best practice for other companies to study around how they create this
study around how they create this
study around how they create this culture of recognition and how that
culture of recognition and how that
culture of recognition and how that really drives results.
really drives results.
really drives results. >> Oh, thanks Kula. And one of my proudest
>> Oh, thanks Kula. And one of my proudest
>> Oh, thanks Kula. And one of my proudest moments is when we were showcased in
moments is when we were showcased in
moments is when we were showcased in Fortune magazine for for our our
Fortune magazine for for our our
Fortune magazine for for our our recognition culture and we did have all
recognition culture and we did have all
recognition culture and we did have all kinds of companies thereafter come visit
kinds of companies thereafter come visit
kinds of companies thereafter come visit us to see how we were doing and that's
us to see how we were doing and that's
us to see how we were doing and that's when you know you're doing something
when you know you're doing something
when you know you're doing something right and I was really proud of our
right and I was really proud of our
right and I was really proud of our team. Well, David, that wraps our
team. Well, David, that wraps our
team. Well, David, that wraps our episode of How Leaders Lead for today.
episode of How Leaders Lead for today.
episode of How Leaders Lead for today. Thank you so much for tuning in and stay
Thank you so much for tuning in and stay
Thank you so much for tuning in and stay tuned next Thursday for another
tuned next Thursday for another
tuned next Thursday for another conversation.
