---
channel: CBS Mornings
collected_at: 2026-04-08T01:40:49.427728+00:00
original_input_url: https://youtu.be/jpM7pbgLK_k?si=sN0cSbk9UTRQ5s0r
published_at: 20260105
source_group: youtube
source_id: youtube_jpM7pbgLK_k
source_type: youtube_auto_caption
title: Entrepreneur Blake Mycoskie shares new mission following mental health struggles
uploader: CBS Mornings
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jpM7pbgLK_k
---

Our next guest is on a mission to help
Our next guest is on a mission to help us all realize that we are enough.
us all realize that we are enough.
us all realize that we are enough. Capital letters. Blake Macowski is an
Capital letters. Blake Macowski is an
Capital letters. Blake Macowski is an entrepreneur, a founder of the popular
entrepreneur, a founder of the popular
entrepreneur, a founder of the popular shoe brand Toms. After selling the
shoe brand Toms. After selling the
shoe brand Toms. After selling the company back in 2019, Macowski fell into
company back in 2019, Macowski fell into
company back in 2019, Macowski fell into a deep depression, he says, and then he
a deep depression, he says, and then he
a deep depression, he says, and then he set out on a healing journey that led to
set out on a healing journey that led to
set out on a healing journey that led to his next venture. And that's what we're
his next venture. And that's what we're
his next venture. And that's what we're here to talk about today. He's launching
here to talk about today. He's launching
here to talk about today. He's launching enough bracelets designed to serve as a
enough bracelets designed to serve as a
enough bracelets designed to serve as a reminder that we are all enough. 100%. I
reminder that we are all enough. 100%. I
reminder that we are all enough. 100%. I want to say that again. 100% of the
want to say that again. 100% of the
want to say that again. 100% of the profits from this bracelet will go to
profits from this bracelet will go to
profits from this bracelet will go to mental health organization. We're very
mental health organization. We're very
mental health organization. We're very glad to say that Blake Macowski joins us
glad to say that Blake Macowski joins us
glad to say that Blake Macowski joins us live and in color in the studio. It's so
live and in color in the studio. It's so
live and in color in the studio. It's so good to see you again because I remember
good to see you again because I remember
good to see you again because I remember you back in the day,
you back in the day,
you back in the day, >> man. It's been I think a decade since
>> man. It's been I think a decade since
>> man. It's been I think a decade since I've been here, but I'm so glad to be
I've been here, but I'm so glad to be
I've been here, but I'm so glad to be back.
back.
back. >> I know. So, let's think about this.
>> I know. So, let's think about this.
>> I know. So, let's think about this. 2019, you sell the company. It had to be
2019, you sell the company. It had to be
2019, you sell the company. It had to be financially lucrative. Tom's is still
financially lucrative. Tom's is still
financially lucrative. Tom's is still doing well. It was under a couple
doing well. It was under a couple
doing well. It was under a couple Christmas trees at my house. So, the
Christmas trees at my house. So, the
Christmas trees at my house. So, the brand was still the legacy that you set
brand was still the legacy that you set
brand was still the legacy that you set for us still continues. So, you sell the
for us still continues. So, you sell the
for us still continues. So, you sell the company, you think financially
company, you think financially
company, you think financially lucrative, you must be on a high, but
lucrative, you must be on a high, but
lucrative, you must be on a high, but that's not what you were feeling. What
that's not what you were feeling. What
that's not what you were feeling. What was happening? What was going on?
was happening? What was going on?
was happening? What was going on? >> I think what happened is I sold the
>> I think what happened is I sold the
>> I think what happened is I sold the company, I accomplished everything I was
company, I accomplished everything I was
company, I accomplished everything I was told I was supposed to do. You know, I
told I was supposed to do. You know, I
told I was supposed to do. You know, I built a business. I helped all these
built a business. I helped all these
built a business. I helped all these children get shoes. And um when I sold
children get shoes. And um when I sold
children get shoes. And um when I sold it, I thought I'd feel great. And
it, I thought I'd feel great. And
it, I thought I'd feel great. And actually, I started to get depressed. I
actually, I started to get depressed. I
actually, I started to get depressed. I lost my purpose. I lost my community.
lost my purpose. I lost my community.
lost my purpose. I lost my community. And I realized that nothing I could do
And I realized that nothing I could do
And I realized that nothing I could do externally would would help me with this
externally would would help me with this
externally would would help me with this wound I had inside. And that was I just
wound I had inside. And that was I just
wound I had inside. And that was I just never felt that I was enough.
never felt that I was enough.
never felt that I was enough. >> Yeah. But you were the guy, Blake, the
>> Yeah. But you were the guy, Blake, the
>> Yeah. But you were the guy, Blake, the one of the reasons why the company was
one of the reasons why the company was
one of the reasons why the company was so successful. I remember you buy one
so successful. I remember you buy one
so successful. I remember you buy one and then you'd give one away. Sure. So
and then you'd give one away. Sure. So
and then you'd give one away. Sure. So you were considered one of the good guys
you were considered one of the good guys
you were considered one of the good guys in the business community.
in the business community.
in the business community. >> So what did you try to do to get better?
>> So what did you try to do to get better?
>> So what did you try to do to get better? >> I mean, I did everything. I mean, I went
>> I mean, I did everything. I mean, I went
>> I mean, I did everything. I mean, I went on retreats. I meditated. I did therapy.
on retreats. I meditated. I did therapy.
on retreats. I meditated. I did therapy. I went to a hospital to have my brain
I went to a hospital to have my brain
I went to a hospital to have my brain zapped. I mean I mean it did everything
zapped. I mean I mean it did everything
zapped. I mean I mean it did everything because I got so depressed that I didn't
because I got so depressed that I didn't
because I got so depressed that I didn't even want to be here anymore. It's
even want to be here anymore. It's
even want to be here anymore. It's really scary.
really scary.
really scary. >> And I'd never you thought about taking
>> And I'd never you thought about taking
>> And I'd never you thought about taking your own life?
your own life?
your own life? >> I did. I actually had a plan and thank
>> I did. I actually had a plan and thank
>> I did. I actually had a plan and thank God I got help and that's what I would
God I got help and that's what I would
God I got help and that's what I would say to anyone is like if you are in that
say to anyone is like if you are in that
say to anyone is like if you are in that state just reach out to someone. Um but
state just reach out to someone. Um but
state just reach out to someone. Um but the thing that helped the most is I
the thing that helped the most is I
the thing that helped the most is I really did some work around this core
really did some work around this core
really did some work around this core wound of not feeling enough. And I
wound of not feeling enough. And I
wound of not feeling enough. And I realized that it had been with me all
realized that it had been with me all
realized that it had been with me all the time. And so I started meditating
the time. And so I started meditating
the time. And so I started meditating and doing a daily mantra of I am enough.
and doing a daily mantra of I am enough.
and doing a daily mantra of I am enough. I've always been enough. And ultimately,
I've always been enough. And ultimately,
I've always been enough. And ultimately, I created this bracelet um as a reminder
I created this bracelet um as a reminder
I created this bracelet um as a reminder to wear every day for myself, but also
to wear every day for myself, but also
to wear every day for myself, but also to give to other people because I find
to give to other people because I find
to give to other people because I find that when I give the bracelet to someone
that when I give the bracelet to someone
that when I give the bracelet to someone and I look them in the eye and there's a
and I look them in the eye and there's a
and I look them in the eye and there's a little poem that goes with it, I say,
little poem that goes with it, I say,
little poem that goes with it, I say, "You are enough. Yes, Gail, I see you.
"You are enough. Yes, Gail, I see you.
"You are enough. Yes, Gail, I see you. The you behind the you, not for anything
The you behind the you, not for anything
The you behind the you, not for anything you've done, but anything you're going
you've done, but anything you're going
you've done, but anything you're going to do." Like, that's what it's about.
to do." Like, that's what it's about.
to do." Like, that's what it's about. And so as I started saying that to
And so as I started saying that to
And so as I started saying that to myself, I realized that my next mission,
myself, I realized that my next mission,
myself, I realized that my next mission, maybe the whole reason I went through
maybe the whole reason I went through
maybe the whole reason I went through the depression at all
the depression at all
the depression at all >> was so that I could then help others who
>> was so that I could then help others who
>> was so that I could then help others who might be feeling the same way.
might be feeling the same way.
might be feeling the same way. >> Help people understand like that
>> Help people understand like that
>> Help people understand like that somebody could accomplish all that you
somebody could accomplish all that you
somebody could accomplish all that you have done and still not feel good about
have done and still not feel good about
have done and still not feel good about themselves.
themselves.
themselves. >> It stems from something.
>> It stems from something.
>> It stems from something. >> I think that that's it's it's cultural.
>> I think that that's it's it's cultural.
>> I think that that's it's it's cultural. I think we're told so much of our
I think we're told so much of our
I think we're told so much of our self-worth is tied to our
self-worth is tied to our
self-worth is tied to our accomplishments. Yes. And so the I think
accomplishments. Yes. And so the I think
accomplishments. Yes. And so the I think the reason I did did get suicidal was I
the reason I did did get suicidal was I
the reason I did did get suicidal was I achieved everything that I wanted and I
achieved everything that I wanted and I
achieved everything that I wanted and I didn't feel any better because I was so
didn't feel any better because I was so
didn't feel any better because I was so focused externally. And so that's what
focused externally. And so that's what
focused externally. And so that's what I'm really trying especially with young
I'm really trying especially with young
I'm really trying especially with young people is trying like high school. I
people is trying like high school. I
people is trying like high school. I went to back to my high school spoke in
went to back to my high school spoke in
went to back to my high school spoke in my high school the other day and I was
my high school the other day and I was
my high school the other day and I was like you can it's great to achieve
like you can it's great to achieve
like you can it's great to achieve things but if you tie your self worth to
things but if you tie your self worth to
things but if you tie your self worth to achievement you're you're always going
achievement you're you're always going
achievement you're you're always going to fall short.
to fall short.
to fall short. >> But what I like is that you buy the $58
>> But what I like is that you buy the $58
>> But what I like is that you buy the $58 >> you buy one and then you say give one to
>> you buy one and then you say give one to
>> you buy one and then you say give one to someone else.
someone else.
someone else. >> Yes. So that's one of the things I love
>> Yes. So that's one of the things I love
>> Yes. So that's one of the things I love is that, you know, Tom's was about one
is that, you know, Tom's was about one
is that, you know, Tom's was about one for one. You buy one, we give one. This
for one. You buy one, we give one. This
for one. You buy one, we give one. This is one for you, one to give. And I think
is one for you, one to give. And I think
is one for you, one to give. And I think when you rare the bracelet, it's a great
when you rare the bracelet, it's a great
when you rare the bracelet, it's a great reminder for yourself, but then you get
reminder for yourself, but then you get
reminder for yourself, but then you get to give it to someone and then you
to give it to someone and then you
to give it to someone and then you create a bond with that person. So when
create a bond with that person. So when
create a bond with that person. So when you're having a hard day or you're
you're having a hard day or you're
you're having a hard day or you're feeling lonely, then you know someone
feeling lonely, then you know someone
feeling lonely, then you know someone else has that bracelet and you're
else has that bracelet and you're
else has that bracelet and you're wearing it together in unity.
wearing it together in unity.
wearing it together in unity. >> Life's always better when shared. I'm so
>> Life's always better when shared. I'm so
>> Life's always better when shared. I'm so glad to see you. You're doing great. Got
glad to see you. You're doing great. Got
glad to see you. You're doing great. Got a great girlfriend, too, Leakowski.
a great girlfriend, too, Leakowski.
a great girlfriend, too, Leakowski. Thank you. Thank you so much.
