---
channel: Mentor Buffet
collected_at: 2026-04-08T01:40:49.427728+00:00
original_input_url: https://youtu.be/Jtbyxv34TMw?si=72WMZyi_v-NCPcqE
published_at: 20260115
source_group: youtube
source_id: youtube_Jtbyxv34TMw
source_type: youtube_auto_caption
title: BLAKE MYCOSKIE, Founder of TOMS Shoes: More Connection and Less Performance, in Business and in Life
uploader: Mentor Buffet
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jtbyxv34TMw
---

Yeah, I always say like more connection,
Yeah, I always say like more connection, less performance. In business, I always
less performance. In business, I always
less performance. In business, I always say go for meaning instead of marketing.
say go for meaning instead of marketing.
say go for meaning instead of marketing. I really think that businesses that
I really think that businesses that
I really think that businesses that focus on marketing usually don't really
focus on marketing usually don't really
focus on marketing usually don't really break through. Businesses that focus on
break through. Businesses that focus on
break through. Businesses that focus on meaning
meaning
meaning >> are the ones that change the world.
>> are the ones that change the world.
>> are the ones that change the world. We're just trying to create more meaning
We're just trying to create more meaning
We're just trying to create more meaning in people's lives. And if we do that,
in people's lives. And if we do that,
in people's lives. And if we do that, people will buy it or whatever we're
people will buy it or whatever we're
people will buy it or whatever we're doing.
doing.
doing. >> Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. >> Part of being a creator is like how do
>> Part of being a creator is like how do
>> Part of being a creator is like how do you market your story in some ways? and
you market your story in some ways? and
you market your story in some ways? and how do you connect with people in an
how do you connect with people in an
how do you connect with people in an authentic way? And so I think it's to
authentic way? And so I think it's to
authentic way? And so I think it's to remind people that, you know, really
remind people that, you know, really
remind people that, you know, really like try to kind of bring it back to
like try to kind of bring it back to
like try to kind of bring it back to like what's the most meaningful to you
like what's the most meaningful to you
like what's the most meaningful to you because if you're really focusing on
because if you're really focusing on
because if you're really focusing on what you really care about, then the
what you really care about, then the
what you really care about, then the right people will probably care about
right people will probably care about
right people will probably care about that as well. But if you're trying to
that as well. But if you're trying to
that as well. But if you're trying to like predict what other people care
like predict what other people care
like predict what other people care about,
about,
about, >> that's when you get yourself into
>> that's when you get yourself into
>> that's when you get yourself into trouble.
We live in a complex and everchanging
We live in a complex and everchanging world, a place that is maybe harder than
world, a place that is maybe harder than
world, a place that is maybe harder than ever to [music] successfully navigate.
ever to [music] successfully navigate.
ever to [music] successfully navigate. The answer is surely to be brave, but
The answer is surely to be brave, but
The answer is surely to be brave, but it's also to seek and be open to
it's also to seek and be open to
it's also to seek and be open to guidance. Mentors are the one consistent
guidance. Mentors are the one consistent
guidance. Mentors are the one consistent throughine in the lives of all
throughine in the lives of all
throughine in the lives of all accomplished people, myself included.
accomplished people, myself included.
accomplished people, myself included. So, welcome to Mentor Buffet, a feast
So, welcome to Mentor Buffet, a feast
So, welcome to Mentor Buffet, a feast for those like me curious about who
for those like me curious about who
for those like me curious about who helped the most successful among us
helped the most successful among us
helped the most successful among us succeed.
succeed.
succeed. Blake Mikoski is the founder of Tom
Blake Mikoski is the founder of Tom
Blake Mikoski is the founder of Tom Shoes. This episode is so full of advice
Shoes. This episode is so full of advice
Shoes. This episode is so full of advice from his dad, from Sarah Blakeley, the
from his dad, from Sarah Blakeley, the
from his dad, from Sarah Blakeley, the founder of Spanx, from his therapist,
founder of Spanx, from his therapist,
founder of Spanx, from his therapist, Dr. Dan, and more. We talk about what it
Dr. Dan, and more. We talk about what it
Dr. Dan, and more. We talk about what it means to live a meaningful life and what
means to live a meaningful life and what
means to live a meaningful life and what purpose-driven business has looked like
purpose-driven business has looked like
purpose-driven business has looked like for him. Blake shares what it means for
for him. Blake shares what it means for
for him. Blake shares what it means for him to be enough and what his healing
him to be enough and what his healing
him to be enough and what his healing journey has looked like since he's come
journey has looked like since he's come
journey has looked like since he's come out of the lows of depression. He's so
out of the lows of depression. He's so
out of the lows of depression. He's so honest. There's something here for you.
honest. There's something here for you.
honest. There's something here for you. Here's my conversation with Blake
Here's my conversation with Blake
Here's my conversation with Blake Mikoski.
Mikoski.
Mikoski. [music]
[music]
[music] >> It was actually the first time I ever
>> It was actually the first time I ever
>> It was actually the first time I ever interviewed someone.
interviewed someone.
interviewed someone. >> You know, I've been interviewed a bunch
>> You know, I've been interviewed a bunch
>> You know, I've been interviewed a bunch with Tom Shoes and I was asked to
with Tom Shoes and I was asked to
with Tom Shoes and I was asked to interview Ted Turner at the United
interview Ted Turner at the United
interview Ted Turner at the United Nations and Ted Turner was the founder
Nations and Ted Turner was the founder
Nations and Ted Turner was the founder of the CNN. Um he's the youngest person
of the CNN. Um he's the youngest person
of the CNN. Um he's the youngest person to ever start a cable television network
to ever start a cable television network
to ever start a cable television network and the first news network
and the first news network
and the first news network >> and you know billionaire very successful
>> and you know billionaire very successful
>> and you know billionaire very successful won the America's Cupman sailing like
won the America's Cupman sailing like
won the America's Cupman sailing like very accomplished big big personality
very accomplished big big personality
very accomplished big big personality was m married to Jane Fonda and several
was m married to Jane Fonda and several
was m married to Jane Fonda and several other people and so anyway so Ted Turner
other people and so anyway so Ted Turner
other people and so anyway so Ted Turner I'm getting ready to go on stage and he
I'm getting ready to go on stage and he
I'm getting ready to go on stage and he looks at me he goes Blake I can tell
looks at me he goes Blake I can tell
looks at me he goes Blake I can tell that you're going to climb the mountain
that you're going to climb the mountain
that you're going to climb the mountain I was like okay and like Tom's was
I was like okay and like Tom's was
I was like okay and like Tom's was starting to take off so people knew
starting to take off so people knew
starting to take off so people knew about Tom's and he said you're going to
about Tom's and he said you're going to
about Tom's and he said you're going to climb the mountain and at the top of the
climb the mountain and at the top of the
climb the mountain and at the top of the mountain there's a chest and it's really
mountain there's a chest and it's really
mountain there's a chest and it's really beautiful and you're going to climb that
beautiful and you're going to climb that
beautiful and you're going to climb that mountain. You're going to get to the top
mountain. You're going to get to the top
mountain. You're going to get to the top of the mountain. You're going to look in
of the mountain. You're going to look in
of the mountain. You're going to look in the chest and you're going to see that
the chest and you're going to see that
the chest and you're going to see that the chest is empty.
the chest is empty.
the chest is empty. I've done it. I've climbed the mountain.
I've done it. I've climbed the mountain.
I've done it. I've climbed the mountain. The chest is empty. And even though that
The chest is empty. And even though that
The chest is empty. And even though that I just told you what you're going to
I just told you what you're going to
I just told you what you're going to find, you still need to go climb the
find, you still need to go climb the
find, you still need to go climb the mountain yourself.
mountain yourself.
mountain yourself. >> And then we walked on stage and it was
>> And then we walked on stage and it was
>> And then we walked on stage and it was like the whole interview I was like
like the whole interview I was like
like the whole interview I was like thinking about the mountain, the chest.
thinking about the mountain, the chest.
thinking about the mountain, the chest. And I think in some ways that was quite
And I think in some ways that was quite
And I think in some ways that was quite prophetic because that's what happened
prophetic because that's what happened
prophetic because that's what happened in my life with, you know, building
in my life with, you know, building
in my life with, you know, building Tom's. You know, I started Tom Shoes in
Tom's. You know, I started Tom Shoes in
and in eight years we were the fastest
and in eight years we were the fastest growing shoe company in the world. We
growing shoe company in the world. We
growing shoe company in the world. We built it to almost a billion dollars in
built it to almost a billion dollars in
built it to almost a billion dollars in revenue. We gave a hundred million
revenue. We gave a hundred million
revenue. We gave a hundred million children shoes. And when I sold the
children shoes. And when I sold the
children shoes. And when I sold the company, I thought I was going to be
company, I thought I was going to be
company, I thought I was going to be happy. And
happy. And
happy. And the exact opposite happened. like that's
the exact opposite happened. like that's
the exact opposite happened. like that's when I started to get depressed for the
when I started to get depressed for the
when I started to get depressed for the first time. That's when I started to
first time. That's when I started to
first time. That's when I started to isolate. And so that little tidbit he
isolate. And so that little tidbit he
isolate. And so that little tidbit he told me. Um even though he told me that,
told me. Um even though he told me that,
told me. Um even though he told me that, I still had to learn that lesson.
I still had to learn that lesson.
I still had to learn that lesson. >> It's so interesting having like a
>> It's so interesting having like a
>> It's so interesting having like a foreshadowed
foreshadowed
foreshadowed wisdom in your head and still
wisdom in your head and still
wisdom in your head and still understanding you have to live it
understanding you have to live it
understanding you have to live it yourself. And also probably quite
yourself. And also probably quite
yourself. And also probably quite valuable when you get there and have
valuable when you get there and have
valuable when you get there and have that moment to know that you weren't the
that moment to know that you weren't the
that moment to know that you weren't the only one. Yeah.
only one. Yeah.
only one. Yeah. >> Right. Olympians feel the same thing.
>> Right. Olympians feel the same thing.
>> Right. Olympians feel the same thing. >> And until recently, no one prepared you
>> And until recently, no one prepared you
>> And until recently, no one prepared you for it. Right. And so you got there and
for it. Right. And so you got there and
for it. Right. And so you got there and you were like,
you were like,
you were like, >> you know, you assumed you were the only
>> you know, you assumed you were the only
>> you know, you assumed you were the only one experiencing this odd dip. Yes.
one experiencing this odd dip. Yes.
one experiencing this odd dip. Yes. >> Right. And now I think that people know
>> Right. And now I think that people know
>> Right. And now I think that people know about these things. Even though it's
about these things. Even though it's
about these things. Even though it's hard to go through these things, at
hard to go through these things, at
hard to go through these things, at least you're not alone. And going back
least you're not alone. And going back
least you're not alone. And going back to that moment that you got that wisdom
to that moment that you got that wisdom
to that moment that you got that wisdom right before going on stage, can we just
right before going on stage, can we just
right before going on stage, can we just talk for a second about what it what
talk for a second about what it what
talk for a second about what it what it's like in the in the world to receive
it's like in the in the world to receive
it's like in the in the world to receive wisdom that you know you have to
wisdom that you know you have to
wisdom that you know you have to experience for yourself? Because people
experience for yourself? Because people
experience for yourself? Because people you hear it all the time like you
you hear it all the time like you
you hear it all the time like you graduate college or you finish college
graduate college or you finish college
graduate college or you finish college sports and everyone's like it's going to
sports and everyone's like it's going to
sports and everyone's like it's going to be a transition or like you're going to
be a transition or like you're going to
be a transition or like you're going to go through struggle or you're or you're
go through struggle or you're or you're
go through struggle or you're or you're going to have a breakup and and yet you
going to have a breakup and and yet you
going to have a breakup and and yet you still have to live it. And so I just
still have to live it. And so I just
still have to live it. And so I just wanted to like zoom out and talk a
wanted to like zoom out and talk a
wanted to like zoom out and talk a little bit about what it feels like to
little bit about what it feels like to
little bit about what it feels like to get a piece of wisdom that you, you
get a piece of wisdom that you, you
get a piece of wisdom that you, you know, may inevitably be true for you,
know, may inevitably be true for you,
know, may inevitably be true for you, but you still are going to keep living
but you still are going to keep living
but you still are going to keep living the journey with that in mind.
the journey with that in mind.
the journey with that in mind. >> I think it's like say when the student
>> I think it's like say when the student
>> I think it's like say when the student is ready, the teacher shows up,
is ready, the teacher shows up,
is ready, the teacher shows up, >> right?
>> right?
>> right? >> And I think that sometimes
>> And I think that sometimes
>> And I think that sometimes you're just not ready for the wisdom.
you're just not ready for the wisdom.
you're just not ready for the wisdom. And so it might go in the back of your
And so it might go in the back of your
And so it might go in the back of your head and maybe someday well it kind of
head and maybe someday well it kind of
head and maybe someday well it kind of at one point I remembered that you know
at one point I remembered that you know
at one point I remembered that you know it wasn't like I was thinking about that
it wasn't like I was thinking about that
it wasn't like I was thinking about that for 15 years but then when I realized
for 15 years but then when I realized
for 15 years but then when I realized like oh man like I did climb the
like oh man like I did climb the
like oh man like I did climb the mountain it was empty and yet I still um
mountain it was empty and yet I still um
mountain it was empty and yet I still um put too much hope in that it wasn't
put too much hope in that it wasn't
put too much hope in that it wasn't going to be empty you know and so so
going to be empty you know and so so
going to be empty you know and so so sometimes I think it's like you just
sometimes I think it's like you just
sometimes I think it's like you just it's good to pick up these pieces of
it's good to pick up these pieces of
it's good to pick up these pieces of wisdom along the way and sometimes
wisdom along the way and sometimes
wisdom along the way and sometimes you're ready for them and sometimes
you're ready for them and sometimes
you're ready for them and sometimes you're just not. Well, also, isn't it
you're just not. Well, also, isn't it
you're just not. Well, also, isn't it true that the wisdom was not meant to be
true that the wisdom was not meant to be
true that the wisdom was not meant to be a red light?
a red light?
a red light? >> No. No. If anything, he did it with a
>> No. No. If anything, he did it with a
>> No. No. If anything, he did it with a smirk like like like enjoy the ride,
smirk like like like enjoy the ride,
smirk like like like enjoy the ride, Blake. Like, I have this tattoo right
Blake. Like, I have this tattoo right
Blake. Like, I have this tattoo right here. It says, "Enjoy the ride." And uh
here. It says, "Enjoy the ride." And uh
here. It says, "Enjoy the ride." And uh I have a bunch of tattoos with little
I have a bunch of tattoos with little
I have a bunch of tattoos with little sayings on them.
sayings on them.
sayings on them. >> But yeah, it's like like that's just
>> But yeah, it's like like that's just
>> But yeah, it's like like that's just part of the human journey. Like I
part of the human journey. Like I
part of the human journey. Like I actually think about like the depression
actually think about like the depression
actually think about like the depression that I went through, which was about
that I went through, which was about
that I went through, which was about seven years long, which is a very long
seven years long, which is a very long
seven years long, which is a very long time. I mean, I'm 49 now. So,
time. I mean, I'm 49 now. So,
time. I mean, I'm 49 now. So, >> and only two years of it was, you know,
>> and only two years of it was, you know,
>> and only two years of it was, you know, dangerous. Um, so five years kind of
dangerous. Um, so five years kind of
dangerous. Um, so five years kind of mild depression and then it got so bad
mild depression and then it got so bad
mild depression and then it got so bad that I almost took my life. Like it was
that I almost took my life. Like it was
that I almost took my life. Like it was really intense. And and I think about
really intense. And and I think about
really intense. And and I think about that now. Um, I look back on it and I'm
that now. Um, I look back on it and I'm
that now. Um, I look back on it and I'm thankful for it in a weird way.
thankful for it in a weird way.
thankful for it in a weird way. >> Like I'm actually like, oh wow, like
>> Like I'm actually like, oh wow, like
>> Like I'm actually like, oh wow, like that had to happen. It almost is like an
that had to happen. It almost is like an
that had to happen. It almost is like an answer to prayer of like, you know, if I
answer to prayer of like, you know, if I
answer to prayer of like, you know, if I wanted to be able to have another sense
wanted to be able to have another sense
wanted to be able to have another sense of purpose in my life and I wanted to
of purpose in my life and I wanted to
of purpose in my life and I wanted to heal the things that would really give
heal the things that would really give
heal the things that would really give me actual peace, not fabricated peace
me actual peace, not fabricated peace
me actual peace, not fabricated peace through external, you know, validation
through external, you know, validation
through external, you know, validation and whatnot. You know, I actually had to
and whatnot. You know, I actually had to
and whatnot. You know, I actually had to go through that. I hope I never go
go through that. I hope I never go
go through that. I hope I never go through it again. And God, if you're
through it again. And God, if you're
through it again. And God, if you're listening, I don't want to go through it
listening, I don't want to go through it
listening, I don't want to go through it again. I learned the lesson hopefully.
again. I learned the lesson hopefully.
again. I learned the lesson hopefully. But but sometimes like with these ideas,
But but sometimes like with these ideas,
But but sometimes like with these ideas, these lessons that we're looking for is
these lessons that we're looking for is
these lessons that we're looking for is is you know, they're not always easy.
is you know, they're not always easy.
is you know, they're not always easy. like sometimes they're really [\h__\h]
like sometimes they're really [\h__\h]
like sometimes they're really [\h__\h] hard and that's because they're meant to
hard and that's because they're meant to
hard and that's because they're meant to do that to drive you to go inward to
do that to drive you to go inward to
do that to drive you to go inward to find, you know, the answers and the
find, you know, the answers and the
find, you know, the answers and the thing that you need to learn.
thing that you need to learn.
thing that you need to learn. >> And so, you know, I'm sure that there's
>> And so, you know, I'm sure that there's
>> And so, you know, I'm sure that there's a lot of mentors that you've had and I
a lot of mentors that you've had and I
a lot of mentors that you've had and I know there's some that I'm thinking of
know there's some that I'm thinking of
know there's some that I'm thinking of that I've had that, you know, aren't
that I've had that, you know, aren't
that I've had that, you know, aren't necessarily like, you know, hugs and
necessarily like, you know, hugs and
necessarily like, you know, hugs and cuddles.
cuddles.
cuddles. >> Yeah. And they're not preventing you
>> Yeah. And they're not preventing you
>> Yeah. And they're not preventing you from falling down either.
from falling down either.
from falling down either. >> Yeah. And you were saying these are
>> Yeah. And you were saying these are
>> Yeah. And you were saying these are things I had to learn. And it's it
things I had to learn. And it's it
things I had to learn. And it's it really puts an underline on the word
really puts an underline on the word
really puts an underline on the word learn of like learn actually doesn't
learn of like learn actually doesn't
learn of like learn actually doesn't just mean someone tells you a piece of
just mean someone tells you a piece of
just mean someone tells you a piece of information and then you know it. Like
information and then you know it. Like
information and then you know it. Like that can happen with facts. Yeah.
that can happen with facts. Yeah.
that can happen with facts. Yeah. >> But it seems like this kind of learning
>> But it seems like this kind of learning
>> But it seems like this kind of learning is is growth, right? And it's true
is is growth, right? And it's true
is is growth, right? And it's true confidence and knowing how to navigate
confidence and knowing how to navigate
confidence and knowing how to navigate or how to see your orientation with
or how to see your orientation with
or how to see your orientation with yourself and with the world. And it
yourself and with the world. And it
yourself and with the world. And it seems like no one could have told you
seems like no one could have told you
seems like no one could have told you what to do about the empty chest. Just
what to do about the empty chest. Just
what to do about the empty chest. Just that you will get there and then you
that you will get there and then you
that you will get there and then you will have to find your way with support
will have to find your way with support
will have to find your way with support and love of course. But it's really that
and love of course. But it's really that
and love of course. But it's really that you don't want to avoid the journey
you don't want to avoid the journey
you don't want to avoid the journey because the the journey is the um is the
because the the journey is the um is the
because the the journey is the um is the growth that makes your human experience.
growth that makes your human experience.
growth that makes your human experience. And it it's encouraging because it's
And it it's encouraging because it's
And it it's encouraging because it's saying like we don't want to avoid these
saying like we don't want to avoid these
saying like we don't want to avoid these hard moments. We just want to be not
hard moments. We just want to be not
hard moments. We just want to be not alone when we get there.
alone when we get there.
alone when we get there. >> Yes.
>> Yes.
>> Yes. >> And so tell me I mean that's a long time
>> And so tell me I mean that's a long time
>> And so tell me I mean that's a long time to be like my post Olympic depression
to be like my post Olympic depression
to be like my post Olympic depression was not as long as yours.
was not as long as yours.
was not as long as yours. >> That's a long time to wrestle with
>> That's a long time to wrestle with
>> That's a long time to wrestle with something that difficult.
something that difficult.
something that difficult. >> Yeah. I mean you know thankfully it
>> Yeah. I mean you know thankfully it
>> Yeah. I mean you know thankfully it wasn't persistent all year. Usually it I
wasn't persistent all year. Usually it I
wasn't persistent all year. Usually it I would have these depressive episodes in
would have these depressive episodes in
would have these depressive episodes in holiday time, you know. So like um and I
holiday time, you know. So like um and I
holiday time, you know. So like um and I was also living in Jackson Hole because
was also living in Jackson Hole because
was also living in Jackson Hole because I had a dream of being snowboarding
I had a dream of being snowboarding
I had a dream of being snowboarding every day. So when I sold my company, I
every day. So when I sold my company, I
every day. So when I sold my company, I moved to Jackson
moved to Jackson
moved to Jackson >> and I and it gets cold and and in dark
>> and I and it gets cold and and in dark
>> and I and it gets cold and and in dark early in Jackson. So I had like that the
early in Jackson. So I had like that the
early in Jackson. So I had like that the isolation. And so really I was
isolation. And so really I was
isolation. And so really I was experiencing it pretty much every winter
experiencing it pretty much every winter
experiencing it pretty much every winter for about five years. And then
for about five years. And then
for about five years. And then >> you know I think the the my soul said
>> you know I think the the my soul said
>> you know I think the the my soul said no, we got to turn up the volume here.
no, we got to turn up the volume here.
no, we got to turn up the volume here. You're not you haven't learned the
You're not you haven't learned the
You're not you haven't learned the lesson yet. And so then it got and then
lesson yet. And so then it got and then
lesson yet. And so then it got and then it got really really hard. And it brings
it got really really hard. And it brings
it got really really hard. And it brings me back to like one of the things that
me back to like one of the things that
me back to like one of the things that you know in terms of advice, right? In
you know in terms of advice, right? In
you know in terms of advice, right? In terms of like what are some of the I was
terms of like what are some of the I was
terms of like what are some of the I was thinking about the moments before coming
thinking about the moments before coming
thinking about the moments before coming on the show that really like okay that
on the show that really like okay that
on the show that really like okay that changed my life that conversation,
changed my life that conversation,
changed my life that conversation, right?
right?
right? >> And I had a conversation with my dad
>> And I had a conversation with my dad
>> And I had a conversation with my dad >> and it actually came from I was on the
>> and it actually came from I was on the
>> and it actually came from I was on the I'll back up for a second. So, I was
I'll back up for a second. So, I was
I'll back up for a second. So, I was flying home for Thanksgiving and I was
flying home for Thanksgiving and I was
flying home for Thanksgiving and I was reading Esquire magazine and on the back
reading Esquire magazine and on the back
reading Esquire magazine and on the back of Esquire magazine, they used to have
of Esquire magazine, they used to have
of Esquire magazine, they used to have this thing where they'd have a celebrity
this thing where they'd have a celebrity
this thing where they'd have a celebrity and they'd ask him like popcorn
and they'd ask him like popcorn
and they'd ask him like popcorn questions, like 20 questions d and then
questions, like 20 questions d and then
questions, like 20 questions d and then one of them was always like the best
one of them was always like the best
one of them was always like the best advice you've ever had. Mhm.
advice you've ever had. Mhm.
advice you've ever had. Mhm. >> And so I don't know who it was, but it
>> And so I don't know who it was, but it
>> And so I don't know who it was, but it was a male actor and he said, "The best
was a male actor and he said, "The best
was a male actor and he said, "The best advice I ever got was don't wait until
advice I ever got was don't wait until
advice I ever got was don't wait until your parents are really old to interview
your parents are really old to interview
your parents are really old to interview them about their life." Because if you
them about their life." Because if you
them about their life." Because if you do it early in life, you can learn from
do it early in life, you can learn from
do it early in life, you can learn from their mistakes and the things and then
their mistakes and the things and then
their mistakes and the things and then you can apply them to your life. So you
you can apply them to your life. So you
you can apply them to your life. So you have the wisdom of your mom or dad
have the wisdom of your mom or dad
have the wisdom of your mom or dad before you can act when you can actually
before you can act when you can actually
before you can act when you can actually do something about it.
do something about it.
do something about it. >> So I was like 32. Tom's was really
>> So I was like 32. Tom's was really
>> So I was like 32. Tom's was really starting to take off and you know I
starting to take off and you know I
starting to take off and you know I don't know how old my dad was then but
don't know how old my dad was then but
don't know how old my dad was then but you know he's probably 50some and um all
you know he's probably 50some and um all
you know he's probably 50some and um all the kids are out of the house and so I
the kids are out of the house and so I
the kids are out of the house and so I said dad I want to interview you know my
said dad I want to interview you know my
said dad I want to interview you know my dad and I have a great great
dad and I have a great great
dad and I have a great great relationship but you know at that point
relationship but you know at that point
relationship but you know at that point I don't think we were as vulnerable as
I don't think we were as vulnerable as
I don't think we were as vulnerable as we are now
we are now
we are now >> and um and so after Thanksgiving we went
>> and um and so after Thanksgiving we went
>> and um and so after Thanksgiving we went down to this little pool house and I
down to this little pool house and I
down to this little pool house and I said dad and I interviewed him with
said dad and I interviewed him with
said dad and I interviewed him with everything about his life and it was so
everything about his life and it was so
everything about his life and it was so fun and he was open and it was great all
fun and he was open and it was great all
fun and he was open and it was great all these things beautiful at the end of the
these things beautiful at the end of the
these things beautiful at the end of the interview I said, "Okay, last question."
interview I said, "Okay, last question."
interview I said, "Okay, last question." I said, "Do you have any regrets?" Now,
I said, "Do you have any regrets?" Now,
I said, "Do you have any regrets?" Now, my dad was a orthopedic surgeon. You
my dad was a orthopedic surgeon. You
my dad was a orthopedic surgeon. You know, he's been married to my mom now
know, he's been married to my mom now
know, he's been married to my mom now for 57 years, like three amazing kids.
for 57 years, like three amazing kids.
for 57 years, like three amazing kids. Like, he's lived a really great life at
Like, he's lived a really great life at
Like, he's lived a really great life at the and at that time he was, you know,
the and at that time he was, you know,
the and at that time he was, you know, seemed very happy. And he paused. He
seemed very happy. And he paused. He
seemed very happy. And he paused. He looked at me, he goes, "I have one
looked at me, he goes, "I have one
looked at me, he goes, "I have one regret." And I was like, "Oh gosh, what
regret." And I was like, "Oh gosh, what
regret." And I was like, "Oh gosh, what is this?" And he was quite serious. And
is this?" And he was quite serious. And
is this?" And he was quite serious. And he said, you know, when I was in high
he said, you know, when I was in high
he said, you know, when I was in high school and college and then medical
school and college and then medical
school and college and then medical school, I had a lot of guy friends and
school, I had a lot of guy friends and
school, I had a lot of guy friends and we did trips and played golf and all
we did trips and played golf and all
we did trips and played golf and all these things. And then, you know, after
these things. And then, you know, after
these things. And then, you know, after residency, I started my practice, got
residency, I started my practice, got
residency, I started my practice, got married to your mom, had you. And for
married to your mom, had you. And for
married to your mom, had you. And for the last, you know, 20 plus years, my
the last, you know, 20 plus years, my
the last, you know, 20 plus years, my whole life has been my work and my
whole life has been my work and my
whole life has been my work and my family. And I'm really proud of my work
family. And I'm really proud of my work
family. And I'm really proud of my work and my family,
and my family,
and my family, >> but I've lost touch with all my guy
>> but I've lost touch with all my guy
>> but I've lost touch with all my guy friends, or most of them. And now you
friends, or most of them. And now you
friends, or most of them. And now you guys are out of the house and I'm
guys are out of the house and I'm
guys are out of the house and I'm getting closer to retirement and I don't
getting closer to retirement and I don't
getting closer to retirement and I don't get invited on the golf trips. I don't
get invited on the golf trips. I don't
get invited on the golf trips. I don't get the opportunity to, you know, hang
get the opportunity to, you know, hang
get the opportunity to, you know, hang out with guys the way I see other male
out with guys the way I see other male
out with guys the way I see other male friends of mine.
friends of mine.
friends of mine. >> And [clears throat] I'm lonely and it
>> And [clears throat] I'm lonely and it
>> And [clears throat] I'm lonely and it scares me. And I was like, "Wow." And I
scares me. And I was like, "Wow." And I
scares me. And I was like, "Wow." And I could see my dad like the pain of this
could see my dad like the pain of this
could see my dad like the pain of this to share this. And so the next day I got
to share this. And so the next day I got
to share this. And so the next day I got on the plane, fly home, and I emailed my
on the plane, fly home, and I emailed my
on the plane, fly home, and I emailed my nine best guy friends.
nine best guy friends.
nine best guy friends. >> Wow. And I shared the story with him and
>> Wow. And I shared the story with him and
>> Wow. And I shared the story with him and I said, "Guys, we cannot let this happen
I said, "Guys, we cannot let this happen
I said, "Guys, we cannot let this happen to us." Like, we're all starting off in
to us." Like, we're all starting off in
to us." Like, we're all starting off in our careers in different places. And I
our careers in different places. And I
our careers in different places. And I said, "Every year we're going to go on
said, "Every year we're going to go on
said, "Every year we're going to go on an adventure together." And um I'm going
an adventure together." And um I'm going
an adventure together." And um I'm going to propose the first one is my parents
to propose the first one is my parents
to propose the first one is my parents have a condo in Colorado. Let's go on a
have a condo in Colorado. Let's go on a
have a condo in Colorado. Let's go on a fly fishing trip camping and we can
fly fishing trip camping and we can
fly fishing trip camping and we can spend a couple days at their condo. And
spend a couple days at their condo. And
spend a couple days at their condo. And so the nine guys came and then the next
so the nine guys came and then the next
so the nine guys came and then the next year was let's all go down to Bise and
year was let's all go down to Bise and
year was let's all go down to Bise and fish there. Fishing was a big thing at
fish there. Fishing was a big thing at
fish there. Fishing was a big thing at first and then it became surfing and
first and then it became surfing and
first and then it became surfing and that was we've been doing it now for 19
that was we've been doing it now for 19
that was we've been doing it now for 19 years. It's called it has a name. It's
years. It's called it has a name. It's
years. It's called it has a name. It's called the Rugged Adventure Club. Um
called the Rugged Adventure Club. Um
called the Rugged Adventure Club. Um there's 14 members. So and we text every
there's 14 members. So and we text every
there's 14 members. So and we text every day. So beyond the one trip a year, we
day. So beyond the one trip a year, we
day. So beyond the one trip a year, we literally like that is our social media.
literally like that is our social media.
literally like that is our social media. We texting everything from advice about
We texting everything from advice about
We texting everything from advice about parenting to advice in relationships to
parenting to advice in relationships to
parenting to advice in relationships to one of my parents is getting old my you
one of my parents is getting old my you
one of my parents is getting old my you know like we are there for each other
know like we are there for each other
know like we are there for each other like nothing else
like nothing else
like nothing else >> and literally that in piece of advice
>> and literally that in piece of advice
>> and literally that in piece of advice from my dad and that investment in this
from my dad and that investment in this
from my dad and that investment in this in these trips every single year no
in these trips every single year no
in these trips every single year no matter what we do not miss it. It saved
matter what we do not miss it. It saved
matter what we do not miss it. It saved my life. It really did. When I was
my life. It really did. When I was
my life. It really did. When I was suicidal when I was not able to think
suicidal when I was not able to think
suicidal when I was not able to think straight they would just show up at my
straight they would just show up at my
straight they would just show up at my house in Marin. They helped me get to a
house in Marin. They helped me get to a
house in Marin. They helped me get to a treatment facility to get off all the
treatment facility to get off all the
treatment facility to get off all the pharmaceuticals I was on. They helped me
pharmaceuticals I was on. They helped me
pharmaceuticals I was on. They helped me rethink, you know, different personal
rethink, you know, different personal
rethink, you know, different personal decisions in my life that I need to
decisions in my life that I need to
decisions in my life that I need to change to feel better. And um and yeah,
change to feel better. And um and yeah,
change to feel better. And um and yeah, and so for anyone, you know, listening
and so for anyone, you know, listening
and so for anyone, you know, listening that that might relate to, like
that that might relate to, like
that that might relate to, like investing in friendships, like real
investing in friendships, like real
investing in friendships, like real friendships, like the kind that you can
friendships, like the kind that you can
friendships, like the kind that you can is like the best investment you can
is like the best investment you can
is like the best investment you can make. uh especially for men, I think,
make. uh especially for men, I think,
make. uh especially for men, I think, you know, and the time to do it is in
you know, and the time to do it is in
you know, and the time to do it is in your 20s and in your early 30s because
your 20s and in your early 30s because
your 20s and in your early 30s because you're you might don't think you need it
you're you might don't think you need it
you're you might don't think you need it then, but you're going to need it when
then, but you're going to need it when
then, but you're going to need it when you turn 40 and you're going to need it
you turn 40 and you're going to need it
you turn 40 and you're going to need it when you turn 50. And so, invest in them
when you turn 50. And so, invest in them
when you turn 50. And so, invest in them now.
now.
now. >> Yeah. And it's such a unique um type of
>> Yeah. And it's such a unique um type of
>> Yeah. And it's such a unique um type of not loneliness that's different from
not loneliness that's different from
not loneliness that's different from what family gives you, that's different
what family gives you, that's different
what family gives you, that's different from what your relationship or some
from what your relationship or some
from what your relationship or some other type of um work partnership might
other type of um work partnership might
other type of um work partnership might give you, right? It's like a very
give you, right? It's like a very
give you, right? It's like a very special kind of support.
special kind of support.
special kind of support. >> Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. >> It's like chosen. It's nurtured. It
>> It's like chosen. It's nurtured. It
>> It's like chosen. It's nurtured. It doesn't need anything from you,
doesn't need anything from you,
doesn't need anything from you, >> right?
>> right?
>> right? >> Yeah. I mean, that's one of the things
>> Yeah. I mean, that's one of the things
>> Yeah. I mean, that's one of the things that especially after you have success
that especially after you have success
that especially after you have success and financial success, you kind of a lot
and financial success, you kind of a lot
and financial success, you kind of a lot of your
of your
of your >> new people come into your life and you
>> new people come into your life and you
>> new people come into your life and you don't really know like what do they need
don't really know like what do they need
don't really know like what do they need from me, what do they want? These guys
from me, what do they want? These guys
from me, what do they want? These guys have been with me for 20 years, you
have been with me for 20 years, you
have been with me for 20 years, you know, and it's that's why I say it's
know, and it's that's why I say it's
know, and it's that's why I say it's like in your 20s, you know, I did that
like in your 20s, you know, I did that
like in your 20s, you know, I did that when I was like 31. like that that's the
when I was like 31. like that that's the
when I was like 31. like that that's the time to really like
time to really like
time to really like >> make this a priority because if you
>> make this a priority because if you
>> make this a priority because if you don't do it then you're sure not going
don't do it then you're sure not going
don't do it then you're sure not going to do it when you're older. And that's I
to do it when you're older. And that's I
to do it when you're older. And that's I think that's what my dad was saying.
think that's what my dad was saying.
think that's what my dad was saying. It's like if I just had prioritized
It's like if I just had prioritized
It's like if I just had prioritized this, I mean, going on one trip a year
this, I mean, going on one trip a year
this, I mean, going on one trip a year and texting is not that big of a
and texting is not that big of a
and texting is not that big of a commitment, but it has made such a
commitment, but it has made such a
commitment, but it has made such a difference in all of our lives because
difference in all of our lives because
difference in all of our lives because over years it's just gotten more and
over years it's just gotten more and
over years it's just gotten more and more deep and more and more meaningful.
more deep and more and more meaningful.
more deep and more and more meaningful. And so, um, yeah, so I think that's, you
And so, um, yeah, so I think that's, you
And so, um, yeah, so I think that's, you know, my dad is definitely a mentor to
know, my dad is definitely a mentor to
know, my dad is definitely a mentor to me on many ways, but that conversation
me on many ways, but that conversation
me on many ways, but that conversation was the one that I will always remember.
was the one that I will always remember.
was the one that I will always remember. >> That's beautiful.
>> That's beautiful.
>> That's beautiful. >> That's really, really beautiful. And I
>> That's really, really beautiful. And I
>> That's really, really beautiful. And I think especially during those 20s and
think especially during those 20s and
think especially during those 20s and 30s, it can be really hard to like both
30s, it can be really hard to like both
30s, it can be really hard to like both avoid and the energy of and also avoid
avoid and the energy of and also avoid
avoid and the energy of and also avoid the temptation of everything being
the temptation of everything being
the temptation of everything being transactional because you're in such a
transactional because you're in such a
transactional because you're in such a building time of your life.
building time of your life.
building time of your life. >> Sure.
>> Sure.
>> Sure. >> That a lot of the focus is on like
>> That a lot of the focus is on like
>> That a lot of the focus is on like climbing and building and developing.
climbing and building and developing.
climbing and building and developing. And so just having a a
And so just having a a
And so just having a a goalless commitment to people, you know,
goalless commitment to people, you know,
goalless commitment to people, you know, and like a abundant feeling must be so
and like a abundant feeling must be so
and like a abundant feeling must be so powerful, especially when you're so
powerful, especially when you're so
powerful, especially when you're so ambitious.
ambitious.
ambitious. >> Yes. That kind of segus into another
>> Yes. That kind of segus into another
>> Yes. That kind of segus into another piece of advice. On my healing journey,
piece of advice. On my healing journey,
piece of advice. On my healing journey, I went to India
I went to India
I went to India >> and I worked um specifically uh with
>> and I worked um specifically uh with
>> and I worked um specifically uh with this great teacher Krishna G. and
this great teacher Krishna G. and
this great teacher Krishna G. and Christian G um you know one of the
Christian G um you know one of the
Christian G um you know one of the things he says is that the cause of all
things he says is that the cause of all
things he says is that the cause of all suffering is obsessive selfentric
suffering is obsessive selfentric
suffering is obsessive selfentric thinking and I'll say it again the cause
thinking and I'll say it again the cause
thinking and I'll say it again the cause of all suffering is obsessive
of all suffering is obsessive
of all suffering is obsessive self-centric thinking now that's not
self-centric thinking now that's not
self-centric thinking now that's not selfishness and that's not narcissism
selfishness and that's not narcissism
selfishness and that's not narcissism that's what people think initially it's
that's what people think initially it's
that's what people think initially it's actually more nuanced than that and this
actually more nuanced than that and this
actually more nuanced than that and this is where it comes up when you're talking
is where it comes up when you're talking
is where it comes up when you're talking about this building mode is that
about this building mode is that
about this building mode is that >> and I I'll use the f I'll use the frame
>> and I I'll use the f I'll use the frame
>> and I I'll use the f I'll use the frame of when I was depressed and I think a
of when I was depressed and I think a
of when I was depressed and I think a lot of people if you're depressed or
lot of people if you're depressed or
lot of people if you're depressed or anxious or you're not feeling good, then
anxious or you're not feeling good, then
anxious or you're not feeling good, then what happens is you don't want to feel
what happens is you don't want to feel
what happens is you don't want to feel that way, right? And so what you do is
that way, right? And so what you do is
that way, right? And so what you do is you start thinking all day every day
you start thinking all day every day
you start thinking all day every day about feeling better. So you're only
about feeling better. So you're only
about feeling better. So you're only thinking about yourself. You're only
thinking about yourself. You're only
thinking about yourself. You're only thinking like what can I do to not be
thinking like what can I do to not be
thinking like what can I do to not be depressed? What can I do for my
depressed? What can I do for my
depressed? What can I do for my self-care? This, this, this, right? And
self-care? This, this, this, right? And
self-care? This, this, this, right? And what he believes and they teach is that
what he believes and they teach is that
what he believes and they teach is that you know when you're constantly
you know when you're constantly
you know when you're constantly constantly thinking of yourself your
constantly thinking of yourself your
constantly thinking of yourself your field of awareness is so narrowed
field of awareness is so narrowed
field of awareness is so narrowed >> and um and so much of the beauty of the
>> and um and so much of the beauty of the
>> and um and so much of the beauty of the moment is in being in thinking about
moment is in being in thinking about
moment is in being in thinking about others. And so that was a big thing for
others. And so that was a big thing for
others. And so that was a big thing for me is when I heard that I was like okay
me is when I heard that I was like okay
me is when I heard that I was like okay I've spent so much time because I was in
I've spent so much time because I was in
I've spent so much time because I was in pain thinking about how do I get out of
pain thinking about how do I get out of
pain thinking about how do I get out of this pain?
this pain?
this pain? >> Yeah. But if I just start thinking about
>> Yeah. But if I just start thinking about
>> Yeah. But if I just start thinking about how I can serve others and how I can be
how I can serve others and how I can be
how I can serve others and how I can be a better friend, how can I help one of
a better friend, how can I help one of
a better friend, how can I help one of my other friends with their businesses,
my other friends with their businesses,
my other friends with their businesses, how I can, you know, launch my podcast
how I can, you know, launch my podcast
how I can, you know, launch my podcast to help other people with their
to help other people with their
to help other people with their suffering. Like these were the things
suffering. Like these were the things
suffering. Like these were the things and and that had a huge impact on my
and and that had a huge impact on my
and and that had a huge impact on my healing journey as well.
healing journey as well.
healing journey as well. >> Yeah. Because it's connectedness, right?
>> Yeah. Because it's connectedness, right?
>> Yeah. Because it's connectedness, right? And it's purpose and meaning outside of
And it's purpose and meaning outside of
And it's purpose and meaning outside of yourself. And sometimes the yourself is
yourself. And sometimes the yourself is
yourself. And sometimes the yourself is lying and is ill too, right? like your
lying and is ill too, right? like your
lying and is ill too, right? like your brain like when you're in the state that
brain like when you're in the state that
brain like when you're in the state that you were in that I was in, it's not
you were in that I was in, it's not
you were in that I was in, it's not well, right? And so it's not even
well, right? And so it's not even
well, right? And so it's not even >> it feels like it's almost like a a a
>> it feels like it's almost like a a a
>> it feels like it's almost like a a a puddle that you come across on a
puddle that you come across on a
puddle that you come across on a sidewalk that like doesn't get fresh
sidewalk that like doesn't get fresh
sidewalk that like doesn't get fresh water and it's like it rots by itself,
water and it's like it rots by itself,
water and it's like it rots by itself, right? And
right? And
right? And >> I remember Dr. Arpea during my healing
>> I remember Dr. Arpea during my healing
>> I remember Dr. Arpea during my healing similarly I didn't understand cuz I was
similarly I didn't understand cuz I was
similarly I didn't understand cuz I was like I'm so unwell and he was like we
like I'm so unwell and he was like we
like I'm so unwell and he was like we need to like try to get you to keep
need to like try to get you to keep
need to like try to get you to keep doing these like as much as you can like
doing these like as much as you can like
doing these like as much as you can like speaking to children like doing these
speaking to children like doing these
speaking to children like doing these appearances when you can or thinking
appearances when you can or thinking
appearances when you can or thinking about your family and it really was
about your family and it really was
about your family and it really was perplexing to me at the time because I
perplexing to me at the time because I
perplexing to me at the time because I was like I'm not able to be there for
was like I'm not able to be there for
was like I'm not able to be there for anyone else and he kept pushing me to
anyone else and he kept pushing me to
anyone else and he kept pushing me to have that contact and I think it was
have that contact and I think it was
have that contact and I think it was about staying connected to Like
about staying connected to Like
about staying connected to Like obviously living for something greater
obviously living for something greater
obviously living for something greater than yourself for one thing cuz when it
than yourself for one thing cuz when it
than yourself for one thing cuz when it gets really dark
gets really dark
gets really dark >> sometimes you will not do it for
>> sometimes you will not do it for
>> sometimes you will not do it for yourself. Yeah.
yourself. Yeah.
yourself. Yeah. >> Right. Like you will only do it for your
>> Right. Like you will only do it for your
>> Right. Like you will only do it for your your dad or your you know or your kids
your dad or your you know or your kids
your dad or your you know or your kids I'm sure. And
I'm sure. And
I'm sure. And >> so I think that is really powerful and
>> so I think that is really powerful and
>> so I think that is really powerful and it's really not something that we might
it's really not something that we might
it's really not something that we might mandate for ourselves so easily because
mandate for ourselves so easily because
mandate for ourselves so easily because you don't think that that's what is
you don't think that that's what is
you don't think that that's what is going to help you.
going to help you.
going to help you. >> Yeah. I guess thank God to those mentors
>> Yeah. I guess thank God to those mentors
>> Yeah. I guess thank God to those mentors that pushed us toward that and knew that
that pushed us toward that and knew that
that pushed us toward that and knew that it wasn't just a virtue. It was actually
it wasn't just a virtue. It was actually
it wasn't just a virtue. It was actually a path.
a path.
a path. >> Yeah. You know,
>> Yeah. You know,
>> Yeah. You know, >> yeah, it's not that's a great point
>> yeah, it's not that's a great point
>> yeah, it's not that's a great point because we always think about service
because we always think about service
because we always think about service and helping others is like a virtuous
and helping others is like a virtuous
and helping others is like a virtuous thing, right?
thing, right?
thing, right? >> But actually it is in service of
>> But actually it is in service of
>> But actually it is in service of yourself.
yourself.
yourself. >> Yeah. Yeah. And there's nothing wrong
>> Yeah. Yeah. And there's nothing wrong
>> Yeah. Yeah. And there's nothing wrong with that. Like I mean I even saw that
with that. Like I mean I even saw that
with that. Like I mean I even saw that with Tom's shoes like I mean we gave 100
with Tom's shoes like I mean we gave 100
with Tom's shoes like I mean we gave 100 million children shoes all over the
million children shoes all over the
million children shoes all over the world. Like everyone celebrated like
world. Like everyone celebrated like
world. Like everyone celebrated like what we were doing
what we were doing
what we were doing >> but I was always the first one to say
>> but I was always the first one to say
>> but I was always the first one to say but like we get more than we give in
but like we get more than we give in
but like we get more than we give in some ways. Like we get so much joy by
some ways. Like we get so much joy by
some ways. Like we get so much joy by going on these trips. We get so much
going on these trips. We get so much
going on these trips. We get so much feeling of connection with these
feeling of connection with these
feeling of connection with these communities that we're in. And so, so
communities that we're in. And so, so
communities that we're in. And so, so service really is something and it, you
service really is something and it, you
service really is something and it, you know, it's and it and and it really
know, it's and it and and it really
know, it's and it and and it really grounds you in that connection which is
grounds you in that connection which is
grounds you in that connection which is so important for our mental and, you
so important for our mental and, you
so important for our mental and, you know, well-being.
know, well-being.
know, well-being. >> Mhm. Yeah. Cuz you're not you're not on
>> Mhm. Yeah. Cuz you're not you're not on
>> Mhm. Yeah. Cuz you're not you're not on your own little ladder. You're like
your own little ladder. You're like
your own little ladder. You're like literally have no choice. You're almost
literally have no choice. You're almost
literally have no choice. You're almost like stuck with other people,
like stuck with other people,
like stuck with other people, >> which can feel good. Like you're like,
>> which can feel good. Like you're like,
>> which can feel good. Like you're like, well, I got no choice but to be I don't
well, I got no choice but to be I don't
well, I got no choice but to be I don't know. I think about like a field trip or
know. I think about like a field trip or
know. I think about like a field trip or something where it's like, well, I'm
something where it's like, well, I'm
something where it's like, well, I'm connected to these other people. Like,
connected to these other people. Like,
connected to these other people. Like, I'm just in this group.
I'm just in this group.
I'm just in this group. >> Today, I want to share with you about my
>> Today, I want to share with you about my
>> Today, I want to share with you about my new favorite Merryill shoe, the Hutmach
new favorite Merryill shoe, the Hutmach
new favorite Merryill shoe, the Hutmach 2 Slide Cozy, which are my go-to for
2 Slide Cozy, which are my go-to for
2 Slide Cozy, which are my go-to for fall and winter. I love these shoes
fall and winter. I love these shoes
fall and winter. I love these shoes especially for walking my dog, Bernini,
especially for walking my dog, Bernini,
especially for walking my dog, Bernini, because they're [music] warm, they have
because they're [music] warm, they have
because they're [music] warm, they have grip on the bottom, and I can slide into
grip on the bottom, and I can slide into
grip on the bottom, and I can slide into them really quickly and then run out the
them really quickly and then run out the
them really quickly and then run out the door as I chase her down the street,
door as I chase her down the street,
door as I chase her down the street, which often happens. They're warm and
which often happens. They're warm and
which often happens. They're warm and you can wear them with socks, but you
you can wear them with socks, but you
you can wear them with socks, but you don't have to because they have cozy
don't have to because they have cozy
don't have to because they have cozy inside them. [music] And my favorite
inside them. [music] And my favorite
inside them. [music] And my favorite thing to wear them with are sweatpants.
thing to wear them with are sweatpants.
thing to wear them with are sweatpants. These shoes are also good for the
These shoes are also good for the
These shoes are also good for the grocery store, getting your mail, and
grocery store, getting your mail, and
grocery store, getting your mail, and even wearing inside sometimes. I
even wearing inside sometimes. I
even wearing inside sometimes. I recommend getting a pair for your
recommend getting a pair for your
recommend getting a pair for your partner, though, because they're
partner, though, because they're
partner, though, because they're probably [music] going to steal yours.
probably [music] going to steal yours.
probably [music] going to steal yours. For over 40 years, Merryill has been a
For over 40 years, Merryill has been a
For over 40 years, Merryill has been a global leader in hike. For a limited
global leader in hike. For a limited
global leader in hike. For a limited time, we're partnering with Merryill to
time, we're partnering with Merryill to
time, we're partnering with Merryill to give you an exclusive offer of 25% off
give you an exclusive offer of 25% off
give you an exclusive offer of 25% off your first purchase using code
your first purchase using code
your first purchase using code mentorbuffet25 when you check out on
mentorbuffet25 when you check out on
mentorbuffet25 when you check out on mel.com.
mel.com.
mel.com. >> A big part of my healing came from I had
>> A big part of my healing came from I had
>> A big part of my healing came from I had this great therapist, kind of a similar
this great therapist, kind of a similar
this great therapist, kind of a similar story to you, you know, and I was
story to you, you know, and I was
story to you, you know, and I was reading your book and you're talking
reading your book and you're talking
reading your book and you're talking about going through all these different
about going through all these different
about going through all these different therapist and nothing was working and
therapist and nothing was working and
therapist and nothing was working and then you found Dr. Arpea.
then you found Dr. Arpea.
then you found Dr. Arpea. >> Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. >> And I had a similar thing. I went
>> And I had a similar thing. I went
>> And I had a similar thing. I went through countless therapists places and
through countless therapists places and
through countless therapists places and then I found this guy, Dr. Dan. And one
then I found this guy, Dr. Dan. And one
then I found this guy, Dr. Dan. And one of the things that Dr. Dan, you know,
of the things that Dr. Dan, you know,
of the things that Dr. Dan, you know, really saw in me, which, you know, no
really saw in me, which, you know, no
really saw in me, which, you know, no one else had really seen and helped me
one else had really seen and helped me
one else had really seen and helped me see was that under the depression, under
see was that under the depression, under
see was that under the depression, under the anxiety was this core wound. And I
the anxiety was this core wound. And I
the anxiety was this core wound. And I didn't even know what a core wound was.
didn't even know what a core wound was.
didn't even know what a core wound was. And he explained that, you know, my core
And he explained that, you know, my core
And he explained that, you know, my core wound and that I and he helped me
wound and that I and he helped me
wound and that I and he helped me realize this. It wasn't him telling me.
realize this. It wasn't him telling me.
realize this. It wasn't him telling me. It actually came out in my own voice in
It actually came out in my own voice in
It actually came out in my own voice in a session was that I never felt that I
a session was that I never felt that I
a session was that I never felt that I was enough. And that seemed crazy to me
was enough. And that seemed crazy to me
was enough. And that seemed crazy to me like on the on the first thing I'm like
like on the on the first thing I'm like
like on the on the first thing I'm like hold I've like had all these
hold I've like had all these
hold I've like had all these accomplishments I got this family you
accomplishments I got this family you
accomplishments I got this family you know like I have good friends but when I
know like I have good friends but when I
know like I have good friends but when I really dove down in it all of these
really dove down in it all of these
really dove down in it all of these things that I had done in my life um
things that I had done in my life um
things that I had done in my life um while some of them were virtuous um they
while some of them were virtuous um they
while some of them were virtuous um they were all in an attempt to feel that I
were all in an attempt to feel that I
were all in an attempt to feel that I was enough because some part of me in my
was enough because some part of me in my
was enough because some part of me in my subconscious and my inner child I didn't
subconscious and my inner child I didn't
subconscious and my inner child I didn't feel that I was enough and once we
feel that I was enough and once we
feel that I was enough and once we started healing at and we did it through
started healing at and we did it through
started healing at and we did it through this like very long mantrabbased 40-day
this like very long mantrabbased 40-day
this like very long mantrabbased 40-day practice which you know I'll share that
practice which you know I'll share that
practice which you know I'll share that in a second because I also think it's
in a second because I also think it's
in a second because I also think it's something that is so powerful how you
something that is so powerful how you
something that is so powerful how you can retrain your mind.
can retrain your mind.
can retrain your mind. >> Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. >> But like so once we recognized that was
>> But like so once we recognized that was
>> But like so once we recognized that was it and it was very clear that all my
it and it was very clear that all my
it and it was very clear that all my striving all my pressure all this you
striving all my pressure all this you
striving all my pressure all this you know you know um kind of insecurity that
know you know um kind of insecurity that
know you know um kind of insecurity that I had about myself was that I never felt
I had about myself was that I never felt
I had about myself was that I never felt that I was enough. He had me do this
that I was enough. He had me do this
that I was enough. He had me do this 40-day practice, which really could be
40-day practice, which really could be
40-day practice, which really could be applied to many limiting beliefs. But he
applied to many limiting beliefs. But he
applied to many limiting beliefs. But he told me um for 40 days, every morning
told me um for 40 days, every morning
told me um for 40 days, every morning for 20 minutes and every evening for 20
for 20 minutes and every evening for 20
for 20 minutes and every evening for 20 minutes, I was to set my timer and
minutes, I was to set my timer and
minutes, I was to set my timer and basically close my eyes and do something
basically close my eyes and do something
basically close my eyes and do something really simple. And I'd be, I am enough.
really simple. And I'd be, I am enough.
really simple. And I'd be, I am enough. I've always been enough. I am enough.
I've always been enough. I am enough.
I've always been enough. I am enough. I've always been enough. Now, I don't
I've always been enough. Now, I don't
I've always been enough. Now, I don't know if you've done a mantra based
know if you've done a mantra based
know if you've done a mantra based practice, but 20 minutes is a long time.
practice, but 20 minutes is a long time.
practice, but 20 minutes is a long time. >> That's a long time, [laughter]
>> That's a long time, [laughter]
>> That's a long time, [laughter] >> right? and and and to say the same
>> right? and and and to say the same
>> right? and and and to say the same thing. And at first I hated it. The
thing. And at first I hated it. The
thing. And at first I hated it. The first week went by and I was like, "Fuck
first week went by and I was like, "Fuck
first week went by and I was like, "Fuck Dr. Dan." Like this is just crazy. How
Dr. Dan." Like this is just crazy. How
Dr. Dan." Like this is just crazy. How is it how am I going to feel better?
is it how am I going to feel better?
is it how am I going to feel better? Like second week kind of the same thing.
Like second week kind of the same thing.
Like second week kind of the same thing. It wasn't until like the fourth week
It wasn't until like the fourth week
It wasn't until like the fourth week that I started enjoying it like and it
that I started enjoying it like and it
that I started enjoying it like and it 20 minutes felt like two minutes and
20 minutes felt like two minutes and
20 minutes felt like two minutes and then by like day 29, day 30 it was
then by like day 29, day 30 it was
then by like day 29, day 30 it was really incredible how much more
really incredible how much more
really incredible how much more lightness I felt in my body. And when
lightness I felt in my body. And when
lightness I felt in my body. And when someone would say something that wasn't
someone would say something that wasn't
someone would say something that wasn't nice to me or a piece of criticisms, it
nice to me or a piece of criticisms, it
nice to me or a piece of criticisms, it would just kind of like roll right off
would just kind of like roll right off
would just kind of like roll right off my back.
my back.
my back. >> And I really think what happened during
>> And I really think what happened during
>> And I really think what happened during that time was I literally reprogrammed
that time was I literally reprogrammed
that time was I literally reprogrammed some of my neural pathways,
some of my neural pathways,
some of my neural pathways, >> right? Because our thoughts are habits
>> right? Because our thoughts are habits
>> right? Because our thoughts are habits too, right?
too, right?
too, right? >> And
>> And
>> And >> you talk about that in your book, right?
>> you talk about that in your book, right?
>> you talk about that in your book, right? You get to take action first.
You get to take action first.
You get to take action first. >> Yeah. Then thoughts then feelings. It's
>> Yeah. Then thoughts then feelings. It's
>> Yeah. Then thoughts then feelings. It's so wild cuz I had Dr. Pay made me do a
so wild cuz I had Dr. Pay made me do a
so wild cuz I had Dr. Pay made me do a similar thing but writing and I hated
similar thing but writing and I hated
similar thing but writing and I hated it. I have a notebook where I write like
it. I have a notebook where I write like
it. I have a notebook where I write like each and every day I'm healing in every
each and every day I'm healing in every
each and every day I'm healing in every way and like it's like over and over and
way and like it's like over and over and
way and like it's like over and over and over again and you do you feel crazy
over again and you do you feel crazy
over again and you do you feel crazy because you're just like this is um yeah
because you're just like this is um yeah
because you're just like this is um yeah just I felt like Matilda or something
just I felt like Matilda or something
just I felt like Matilda or something writing on a chalkboard
writing on a chalkboard
writing on a chalkboard >> and had another like kind of more sports
>> and had another like kind of more sports
>> and had another like kind of more sports therapist team also have me do something
therapist team also have me do something
therapist team also have me do something similar but out loud for some other
similar but out loud for some other
similar but out loud for some other limiting thoughts I was having I guess
limiting thoughts I was having I guess
limiting thoughts I was having I guess that were actually like translating into
that were actually like translating into
that were actually like translating into how confidently I was carrying myself in
how confidently I was carrying myself in
how confidently I was carrying myself in certain situations a whole thing.
certain situations a whole thing.
certain situations a whole thing. >> Yeah,
>> Yeah,
>> Yeah, >> it was so cool because it did work.
>> it was so cool because it did work.
>> it was so cool because it did work. >> It did work.
>> It did work.
>> It did work. >> It does.
>> It does.
>> It does. >> Yeah, it works.
>> Yeah, it works.
>> Yeah, it works. >> It's crazy. And it seems so simple.
>> It's crazy. And it seems so simple.
>> It's crazy. And it seems so simple. Sometimes people come to me now and you
Sometimes people come to me now and you
Sometimes people come to me now and you know, they're like, "Okay, like what's
know, they're like, "Okay, like what's
know, they're like, "Okay, like what's the thing?" Like, like what did it work?
the thing?" Like, like what did it work?
the thing?" Like, like what did it work? And they want some like, "Oh, I got my
And they want some like, "Oh, I got my
And they want some like, "Oh, I got my brain stimulated by this thing and or I,
brain stimulated by this thing and or I,
brain stimulated by this thing and or I, you know, went on this crazy psychedelic
you know, went on this crazy psychedelic
you know, went on this crazy psychedelic journey and I was whatever." But
journey and I was whatever." But
journey and I was whatever." But sometimes it's really these simple
sometimes it's really these simple
sometimes it's really these simple things to reprogram because our thoughts
things to reprogram because our thoughts
things to reprogram because our thoughts are so powerful.
are so powerful.
are so powerful. >> Doesn't it scare you a little though
>> Doesn't it scare you a little though
>> Doesn't it scare you a little though that we're around so many new words all
that we're around so many new words all
that we're around so many new words all the time and that those could be so
the time and that those could be so
the time and that those could be so impactful? Yeah.
impactful? Yeah.
impactful? Yeah. >> Like if we hear the same thing over and
>> Like if we hear the same thing over and
>> Like if we hear the same thing over and over again, what's to stop that from
over again, what's to stop that from
over again, what's to stop that from becoming re a new reprogramming in our
becoming re a new reprogramming in our
becoming re a new reprogramming in our minds? Well, I mean, that's why another
minds? Well, I mean, that's why another
minds? Well, I mean, that's why another great piece of advice I got from Tony
great piece of advice I got from Tony
great piece of advice I got from Tony Robbins, and Tony told me, he said,
Robbins, and Tony told me, he said,
Robbins, and Tony told me, he said, "Blake, the most important thing in your
"Blake, the most important thing in your
"Blake, the most important thing in your that's going to determine the future of
that's going to determine the future of
that's going to determine the future of your life are the five people you spend
your life are the five people you spend
your life are the five people you spend the most time with."
the most time with."
the most time with." >> Yeah. Wow. What they say.
>> Yeah. Wow. What they say.
>> Yeah. Wow. What they say. >> Yeah. Exact. But that's the whole point.
>> Yeah. Exact. But that's the whole point.
>> Yeah. Exact. But that's the whole point. Like, if you choose the right five
Like, if you choose the right five
Like, if you choose the right five people
people
people >> because they're the ones who are
>> because they're the ones who are
>> because they're the ones who are inputting
inputting
inputting >> all this thought, all the the words that
>> all this thought, all the the words that
>> all this thought, all the the words that become the thoughts or the fe and then,
become the thoughts or the fe and then,
become the thoughts or the fe and then, you know, the feelings. And so, it's so
you know, the feelings. And so, it's so
you know, the feelings. And so, it's so important. It's so powerful. I'm so
important. It's so powerful. I'm so
important. It's so powerful. I'm so grateful for that healing from Dr. Dan
grateful for that healing from Dr. Dan
grateful for that healing from Dr. Dan and how it ties back to this idea of
and how it ties back to this idea of
and how it ties back to this idea of service actually goes back to India and
service actually goes back to India and
service actually goes back to India and after I was with Krishna G and I was
after I was with Krishna G and I was
after I was with Krishna G and I was there for a couple weeks in the ashram I
there for a couple weeks in the ashram I
there for a couple weeks in the ashram I had the most beautiful download and it
had the most beautiful download and it
had the most beautiful download and it was very similar to when I had the idea
was very similar to when I had the idea
was very similar to when I had the idea for Tom Shoes but I was there and and I
for Tom Shoes but I was there and and I
for Tom Shoes but I was there and and I think his his teaching around not having
think his his teaching around not having
think his his teaching around not having obsessive self-centric thinking led me
obsessive self-centric thinking led me
obsessive self-centric thinking led me to feel like oh my gosh like there's a
to feel like oh my gosh like there's a
to feel like oh my gosh like there's a lot of people that don't feel enough
lot of people that don't feel enough
lot of people that don't feel enough like our whole culture
like our whole culture
like our whole culture >> I mean with social media and
>> I mean with social media and
>> I mean with social media and compariveness And all these things are
compariveness And all these things are
compariveness And all these things are leading us to constantly think are we
leading us to constantly think are we
leading us to constantly think are we measuring up? Are we smart enough,
measuring up? Are we smart enough,
measuring up? Are we smart enough, pretty enough, rich enough, whatever?
pretty enough, rich enough, whatever?
pretty enough, rich enough, whatever? And our culture almost like is is
And our culture almost like is is
And our culture almost like is is incentivized for us not to feel enough.
incentivized for us not to feel enough.
incentivized for us not to feel enough. So we buy more things, you know? I mean,
So we buy more things, you know? I mean,
So we buy more things, you know? I mean, it's it's literally built that way. And
it's it's literally built that way. And
it's it's literally built that way. And when I was sitting there at the ashram,
when I was sitting there at the ashram,
when I was sitting there at the ashram, I said to myself, I mean, it's so it was
I said to myself, I mean, it's so it was
I said to myself, I mean, it's so it was so cool. It was like, okay, like you
so cool. It was like, okay, like you
so cool. It was like, okay, like you have started to heal this and you're
have started to heal this and you're
have started to heal this and you're feeling so much more peace. Like you've
feeling so much more peace. Like you've
feeling so much more peace. Like you've got to go home and help others heal
got to go home and help others heal
got to go home and help others heal this, too. And I didn't know what I was
this, too. And I didn't know what I was
this, too. And I didn't know what I was going to do. Um, but I literally left
going to do. Um, but I literally left
going to do. Um, but I literally left India and I had a purpose again like for
India and I had a purpose again like for
India and I had a purpose again like for the first time since Tom's and I was
the first time since Tom's and I was
the first time since Tom's and I was like I am going to do something, start a
like I am going to do something, start a
like I am going to do something, start a nonprofit, whatever. And it was so
nonprofit, whatever. And it was so
nonprofit, whatever. And it was so funny. I had dinner the first night. I
funny. I had dinner the first night. I
funny. I had dinner the first night. I was back with one of my best friends
was back with one of my best friends
was back with one of my best friends who's a really great designer and we
who's a really great designer and we
who's a really great designer and we worked at Tom's for a while. And I was
worked at Tom's for a while. And I was
worked at Tom's for a while. And I was telling him and it was actually his
telling him and it was actually his
telling him and it was actually his idea. He's like, "You should do a
idea. He's like, "You should do a
idea. He's like, "You should do a bracelet." And I was like, "A bracelet?
bracelet." And I was like, "A bracelet?
bracelet." And I was like, "A bracelet? Why a bracelet?" And he's like, "Well,
Why a bracelet?" And he's like, "Well,
Why a bracelet?" And he's like, "Well, you've always worn bracelets. I've
you've always worn bracelets. I've
you've always worn bracelets. I've always had these different types of
always had these different types of
always had these different types of bracelets from all over the world for my
bracelets from all over the world for my
bracelets from all over the world for my travels. And he said, um, and he said, I
travels. And he said, um, and he said, I
travels. And he said, um, and he said, I think you yourself need a daily
think you yourself need a daily
think you yourself need a daily reminder.
reminder.
reminder. >> You know, you need something you can
>> You know, you need something you can
>> You know, you need something you can look at because, you know, and so here
look at because, you know, and so here
look at because, you know, and so here you have this thing you look at every
you have this thing you look at every
you have this thing you look at every day and also I think this is the message
day and also I think this is the message
day and also I think this is the message that you want to share. So give out
that you want to share. So give out
that you want to share. So give out these bracelets to people, you know,
these bracelets to people, you know,
these bracelets to people, you know, give give people this daily reminder and
give give people this daily reminder and
give give people this daily reminder and and I loved it. And so I went back to
and I loved it. And so I went back to
and I loved it. And so I went back to India and we got these bracelets
India and we got these bracelets
India and we got these bracelets handmade in India and they're really
handmade in India and they're really
handmade in India and they're really beautiful. And um we came up with this
beautiful. And um we came up with this
beautiful. And um we came up with this idea that you know we would give an
idea that you know we would give an
idea that you know we would give an opportunity for someone to wear the
opportunity for someone to wear the
opportunity for someone to wear the bracelet and then to give it to someone
bracelet and then to give it to someone
bracelet and then to give it to someone else. And so I have one for you. This is
else. And so I have one for you. This is
else. And so I have one for you. This is yours. You're one of the very first
yours. You're one of the very first
yours. You're one of the very first people.
people.
people. >> Oh my goodness. And these are it's it's
>> Oh my goodness. And these are it's it's
>> Oh my goodness. And these are it's it's Oh wow. So there are two.
Oh wow. So there are two.
Oh wow. So there are two. >> Yeah. So there's one for you and then
>> Yeah. So there's one for you and then
>> Yeah. So there's one for you and then one to give to someone else.
one to give to someone else.
one to give to someone else. >> I love the color green. I told you this,
>> I love the color green. I told you this,
>> I love the color green. I told you this, but [laughter] I do love it.
but [laughter] I do love it.
but [laughter] I do love it. >> Well, green is the mental health
>> Well, green is the mental health
>> Well, green is the mental health awareness color. So, that's why we chose
awareness color. So, that's why we chose
awareness color. So, that's why we chose green.
green.
green. >> And it's the calmingest color, right? I
>> And it's the calmingest color, right? I
>> And it's the calmingest color, right? I guess that's why they that's why I chose
guess that's why they that's why I chose
guess that's why they that's why I chose it.
it.
it. >> And then what's the message?
>> And then what's the message?
>> And then what's the message? >> Let me see. Can I have it back? Oh, just
>> Let me see. Can I have it back? Oh, just
>> Let me see. Can I have it back? Oh, just the message.
the message.
the message. >> Yes. I'll give the whole thing back.
>> Yes. I'll give the whole thing back.
>> Yes. I'll give the whole thing back. >> This is the box. Well, we have a
>> This is the box. Well, we have a
>> This is the box. Well, we have a [laughter] We actually have a ritual.
[laughter] We actually have a ritual.
[laughter] We actually have a ritual. So, I'm just going to do the full
So, I'm just going to do the full
So, I'm just going to do the full ritual. So, if you'll put your palms up,
ritual. So, if you'll put your palms up,
ritual. So, if you'll put your palms up, please.
please.
please. >> Both
>> Both
>> Both >> both palms out and I will I hope I'm not
>> I was like I don't want to be wearing
>> I was like I don't want to be wearing other things. Oh,
other things. Oh,
other things. Oh, >> okay. So, I tied it on for anyone who's
>> okay. So, I tied it on for anyone who's
>> okay. So, I tied it on for anyone who's listening, you now have the enough
listening, you now have the enough
listening, you now have the enough bracelet on. So, the second part of the
bracelet on. So, the second part of the
bracelet on. So, the second part of the ritual is there's a poem that comes with
ritual is there's a poem that comes with
ritual is there's a poem that comes with it
it
it >> and we realized that to give the
>> and we realized that to give the
>> and we realized that to give the bracelet to someone. Some people might
bracelet to someone. Some people might
bracelet to someone. Some people might not have the right words. So, we have
not have the right words. So, we have
not have the right words. So, we have this amazing poet named in Q uh who's a
this amazing poet named in Q uh who's a
this amazing poet named in Q uh who's a good friend of mine. I asked him to
good friend of mine. I asked him to
good friend of mine. I asked him to write a poem that we always share with a
write a poem that we always share with a
write a poem that we always share with a person when we give it to them. So, here
person when we give it to them. So, here
person when we give it to them. So, here we go. Alexi, I see you. the you behind
we go. Alexi, I see you. the you behind
we go. Alexi, I see you. the you behind the you. Not for anything you've done or
the you. Not for anything you've done or
the you. Not for anything you've done or anything you're gonna do. I don't stop
anything you're gonna do. I don't stop
anything you're gonna do. I don't stop to say it enough, but I believe in you.
to say it enough, but I believe in you.
to say it enough, but I believe in you. And if you could see yourself from my
And if you could see yourself from my
And if you could see yourself from my view, you'd believe it, too. That's why
view, you'd believe it, too. That's why
view, you'd believe it, too. That's why I'm giving you the gift that I'm
I'm giving you the gift that I'm
I'm giving you the gift that I'm receiving, too.
receiving, too.
receiving, too. A message to remind you when you're lost
A message to remind you when you're lost
A message to remind you when you're lost or feeling blue. A mantra to repeat when
or feeling blue. A mantra to repeat when
or feeling blue. A mantra to repeat when times are tough because no matter who we
times are tough because no matter who we
times are tough because no matter who we are, we are always enough. It's a silent
are, we are always enough. It's a silent
are, we are always enough. It's a silent prayer I'm sending for the world's
prayer I'm sending for the world's
prayer I'm sending for the world's mental health. I wear the symbol for
mental health. I wear the symbol for
mental health. I wear the symbol for myself and now as a bond to someone
myself and now as a bond to someone
myself and now as a bond to someone else. It's a blessing and a gentle push
else. It's a blessing and a gentle push
else. It's a blessing and a gentle push to never give up because no matter who
to never give up because no matter who
to never give up because no matter who you are, you are enough.
you are, you are enough.
you are, you are enough. >> Thank you. You really mean that.
>> Thank you. You really mean that.
>> Thank you. You really mean that. >> I do.
>> I do.
>> I do. >> Yeah, you really mean it. That's like I
>> Yeah, you really mean it. That's like I
>> Yeah, you really mean it. That's like I think not everybody knows what it feels
think not everybody knows what it feels
think not everybody knows what it feels like to really mean that.
like to really mean that.
like to really mean that. >> I just went out and I gave a TED talk
>> I just went out and I gave a TED talk
>> I just went out and I gave a TED talk >> and it was lovely and fun, but I felt
>> and it was lovely and fun, but I felt
>> and it was lovely and fun, but I felt like a few of the people that were there
like a few of the people that were there
like a few of the people that were there wanted to speak to be heard
wanted to speak to be heard
wanted to speak to be heard >> and not like help people.
>> and not like help people.
>> and not like help people. >> And I felt [clears throat] like I could
>> And I felt [clears throat] like I could
>> And I felt [clears throat] like I could see the people that like were not like
see the people that like were not like
see the people that like were not like it was like consumed with like does my
it was like consumed with like does my
it was like consumed with like does my makeup okay? Did I stutter? D because
makeup okay? Did I stutter? D because
makeup okay? Did I stutter? D because this is their moment to like
this is their moment to like
this is their moment to like >> just like coin a new phrase or like
>> just like coin a new phrase or like
>> just like coin a new phrase or like whatever, you know, like these are what
whatever, you know, like these are what
whatever, you know, like these are what these talks can do is like
these talks can do is like
these talks can do is like >> really launch you in some way. it. I was
>> really launch you in some way. it. I was
>> really launch you in some way. it. I was like, I guess I should have like
like, I guess I should have like
like, I guess I should have like expected that feeling. And I had just
expected that feeling. And I had just
expected that feeling. And I had just come from like this hunting trip in
come from like this hunting trip in
come from like this hunting trip in Oregon where I was like very in touch
Oregon where I was like very in touch
Oregon where I was like very in touch with nature and just like with a couple
with nature and just like with a couple
with nature and just like with a couple guys and very like in very like awake
guys and very like in very like awake
guys and very like in very like awake and honest cuz you have to be in these
and honest cuz you have to be in these
and honest cuz you have to be in these circumstances
circumstances
circumstances >> and it was just like it kind of sucked
>> and it was just like it kind of sucked
>> and it was just like it kind of sucked cuz
cuz
cuz >> Yeah. I was like, "Oh man, not everyone
>> Yeah. I was like, "Oh man, not everyone
>> Yeah. I was like, "Oh man, not everyone like
like
like is here." Yeah.
is here." Yeah.
is here." Yeah. >> You know, and like that was so like you
>> You know, and like that was so like you
>> You know, and like that was so like you are very here and it's it's really
are very here and it's it's really
are very here and it's it's really awesome because you have a big audience
awesome because you have a big audience
awesome because you have a big audience and platform and an ability to create
and platform and an ability to create
and platform and an ability to create like a magnaminous wave with what you're
like a magnaminous wave with what you're
like a magnaminous wave with what you're doing and that it's like really coming
doing and that it's like really coming
doing and that it's like really coming from a real place. Like obviously what
from a real place. Like obviously what
from a real place. Like obviously what you've been through is like so I mean
you've been through is like so I mean
you've been through is like so I mean sometimes when I meet people who like
sometimes when I meet people who like
sometimes when I meet people who like have been suicidal I'm like it's like
have been suicidal I'm like it's like
have been suicidal I'm like it's like this special bond cuz it's like you
this special bond cuz it's like you
this special bond cuz it's like you can't really fathom what it feels like
can't really fathom what it feels like
can't really fathom what it feels like if you're really haven't felt it. You
if you're really haven't felt it. You
if you're really haven't felt it. You can appreciate that
can appreciate that
can appreciate that >> but it's a real like I don't know what
>> but it's a real like I don't know what
>> but it's a real like I don't know what it is. Maybe it's like what alcoholics
it is. Maybe it's like what alcoholics
it is. Maybe it's like what alcoholics feel with each other but there's
feel with each other but there's
feel with each other but there's something about it where you're like
something about it where you're like
something about it where you're like it's like a very intense thing and it's
it's like a very intense thing and it's
it's like a very intense thing and it's weird to be like yeah I don't feel that
weird to be like yeah I don't feel that
weird to be like yeah I don't feel that anymore. like I'm not going to kill
anymore. like I'm not going to kill
anymore. like I'm not going to kill myself, you [laughter] know, but then
myself, you [laughter] know, but then
myself, you [laughter] know, but then you still get these like passing
you still get these like passing
you still get these like passing thoughts cuz they're never going to go
thoughts cuz they're never going to go
thoughts cuz they're never going to go away completely.
away completely.
away completely. >> I'm always in I say my depression always
>> I'm always in I say my depression always
>> I'm always in I say my depression always be in recovery.
be in recovery.
be in recovery. >> Yeah, it's always and and
>> Yeah, it's always and and
>> Yeah, it's always and and so yeah, it was just that was really
so yeah, it was just that was really
so yeah, it was just that was really powerful and like I'm just so like
powerful and like I'm just so like
powerful and like I'm just so like encouraged by the world cuz I haven't
encouraged by the world cuz I haven't
encouraged by the world cuz I haven't really met that many people like you.
really met that many people like you.
really met that many people like you. Like I know I know successful people in
Like I know I know successful people in
Like I know I know successful people in like a lot of ways, but like you
like a lot of ways, but like you
like a lot of ways, but like you actually like fit into this category of
actually like fit into this category of
actually like fit into this category of like people, entrepreneurial successes
like people, entrepreneurial successes
like people, entrepreneurial successes that are able to maybe choose what
that are able to maybe choose what
that are able to maybe choose what they're doing next and are choosing to
they're doing next and are choosing to
they're doing next and are choosing to hopefully do good or other cool things
hopefully do good or other cool things
hopefully do good or other cool things and you just never know like why they're
and you just never know like why they're
and you just never know like why they're doing it, right?
doing it, right?
doing it, right? >> And so that the why is so real is like
>> And so that the why is so real is like
>> And so that the why is so real is like it just that was like a really awesome
it just that was like a really awesome
it just that was like a really awesome moment for me to feel that. So, thank
moment for me to feel that. So, thank
moment for me to feel that. So, thank you for sharing that with me and and
you for sharing that with me and and
you for sharing that with me and and like I'm just so glad that you're real,
like I'm just so glad that you're real,
like I'm just so glad that you're real, >> you know.
>> you know.
>> you know. >> Thank you.
>> Thank you.
>> Thank you. >> Yeah, I really mean that. It's like
>> Yeah, I really mean that. It's like
>> Yeah, I really mean that. It's like >> I feel that. I feel that. That was,
>> I feel that. I feel that. That was,
>> I feel that. I feel that. That was, >> you know, it's I've tried to memorize
>> you know, it's I've tried to memorize
>> you know, it's I've tried to memorize the poem. I almost did
the poem. I almost did
the poem. I almost did >> and I got pretty close. I'm not a poet,
>> and I got pretty close. I'm not a poet,
>> and I got pretty close. I'm not a poet, so it's hard to memorize sometimes, but
so it's hard to memorize sometimes, but
so it's hard to memorize sometimes, but >> it's to really get to connect with
>> it's to really get to connect with
>> it's to really get to connect with someone.
someone.
someone. >> Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. >> And someone who I know has
>> And someone who I know has
>> And someone who I know has >> had moments of the same
>> had moments of the same
>> had moments of the same >> Yeah. You know, feeling is like such a
>> Yeah. You know, feeling is like such a
>> Yeah. You know, feeling is like such a gift because it it's it's healing for me
gift because it it's it's healing for me
gift because it it's it's healing for me too, you know. It's like really every
too, you know. It's like really every
too, you know. It's like really every time that I feel that I get to and this
time that I feel that I get to and this
time that I feel that I get to and this is new and we're just starting, you
is new and we're just starting, you
is new and we're just starting, you know, so it's like but I like that was
know, so it's like but I like that was
know, so it's like but I like that was really special for me as well to see you
really special for me as well to see you
really special for me as well to see you feel it, you know?
feel it, you know?
feel it, you know? >> Yeah, I felt it. I really did. I really
>> Yeah, I felt it. I really did. I really
>> Yeah, I felt it. I really did. I really felt it. I was like, "Oh man, this guy
felt it. I was like, "Oh man, this guy
felt it. I was like, "Oh man, this guy doesn't have to do this."
doesn't have to do this."
doesn't have to do this." >> Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. >> Like you know what I mean? Like you
>> Like you know what I mean? Like you
>> Like you know what I mean? Like you really don't have to like take that time
really don't have to like take that time
really don't have to like take that time and give that. You could have like So
and give that. You could have like So
and give that. You could have like So it's cool. It's really cool.
it's cool. It's really cool.
it's cool. It's really cool. >> It's It's interesting. because I this is
>> It's It's interesting. because I this is
>> It's It's interesting. because I this is all learning, right? And so it's someone
all learning, right? And so it's someone
all learning, right? And so it's someone asked me the other day is, you know,
asked me the other day is, you know,
asked me the other day is, you know, like, well, what do you want to happen
like, well, what do you want to happen
like, well, what do you want to happen with this? Like, how much money do you
with this? Like, how much money do you
with this? Like, how much money do you want to raise for mental health or this
want to raise for mental health or this
want to raise for mental health or this or that? And I was like,
or that? And I was like,
or that? And I was like, >> I honestly just want people to have some
>> I honestly just want people to have some
>> I honestly just want people to have some of the interactions that I've had
of the interactions that I've had
of the interactions that I've had already
already
already >> where they really get to have what we
>> where they really get to have what we
>> where they really get to have what we just had.
just had.
just had. >> Well, I think that that was a really
>> Well, I think that that was a really
>> Well, I think that that was a really Yeah, that really was an unlock of like
Yeah, that really was an unlock of like
Yeah, that really was an unlock of like Yeah. the knowing that one person and
Yeah. the knowing that one person and
Yeah. the knowing that one person and and maybe it's that that person has some
and maybe it's that that person has some
and maybe it's that that person has some meaning in your life even if you don't
meaning in your life even if you don't
meaning in your life even if you don't know them that well, right? Like I don't
know them that well, right? Like I don't
know them that well, right? Like I don't I don't know you terribly well, but it
I don't know you terribly well, but it
I don't know you terribly well, but it meant something because of like what spa
meant something because of like what spa
meant something because of like what spa where you've been and what do you know
where you've been and what do you know
where you've been and what do you know what I mean? It's like and so it is a
what I mean? It's like and so it is a
what I mean? It's like and so it is a really powerful thing to have the the
really powerful thing to have the the
really powerful thing to have the the gift and for people [clears throat]
gift and for people [clears throat]
gift and for people [clears throat] >> and now you get to give it to the next
>> and now you get to give it to the next
>> and now you get to give it to the next >> I know and it's and it needs to be a
>> I know and it's and it needs to be a
>> I know and it's and it needs to be a very thoughtful one where like I can
very thoughtful one where like I can
very thoughtful one where like I can really hopefully actually help someone
really hopefully actually help someone
really hopefully actually help someone where I can uniquely have that message
where I can uniquely have that message
where I can uniquely have that message be resonant and so I'll be very
be resonant and so I'll be very
be resonant and so I'll be very thoughtful about it
thoughtful about it
thoughtful about it >> and and I think the thing is like just
>> and and I think the thing is like just
>> and and I think the thing is like just even seeing it on your wrist I know it's
even seeing it on your wrist I know it's
even seeing it on your wrist I know it's >> is like um
>> is like um
>> is like um >> well it's like but that person that
>> well it's like but that person that
>> well it's like but that person that wears it will then also when they're
wears it will then also when they're
wears it will then also when they're having a hard day or something, they'll
having a hard day or something, they'll
having a hard day or something, they'll know that they have that bond to you.
know that they have that bond to you.
know that they have that bond to you. >> That's right.
>> That's right.
>> That's right. >> You know, so it's like that it's that
>> You know, so it's like that it's that
>> You know, so it's like that it's that reminder that you referenced earlier in
reminder that you referenced earlier in
reminder that you referenced earlier in the show of that how important it is to
the show of that how important it is to
the show of that how important it is to not feel alone.
not feel alone.
not feel alone. >> Yeah. And maybe what not feeling alone
>> Yeah. And maybe what not feeling alone
>> Yeah. And maybe what not feeling alone really is is having someone there for
really is is having someone there for
really is is having someone there for one of your worst fears,
one of your worst fears,
one of your worst fears, >> right? Because this is a worst fear.
>> right? Because this is a worst fear.
>> right? Because this is a worst fear. >> Yeah, for sure.
>> Yeah, for sure.
>> Yeah, for sure. >> Territory, right? Totally.
>> Territory, right? Totally.
>> Territory, right? Totally. >> And even if you don't know it yet, it
>> And even if you don't know it yet, it
>> And even if you don't know it yet, it will be a worst fear when it occurs.
will be a worst fear when it occurs.
will be a worst fear when it occurs. Like if I think about Ted giving you the
Like if I think about Ted giving you the
Like if I think about Ted giving you the advice and then you being on the
advice and then you being on the
advice and then you being on the mountain, right? Totally. That's the
mountain, right? Totally. That's the
mountain, right? Totally. That's the worst fear, right?
worst fear, right?
worst fear, right? >> We're now telling you. Yeah.
>> We're now telling you. Yeah.
>> We're now telling you. Yeah. >> And so it's that like if your worst fear
>> And so it's that like if your worst fear
>> And so it's that like if your worst fear occurs, which it might or you know that
occurs, which it might or you know that
occurs, which it might or you know that you're not alone. And it's like a really
you're not alone. And it's like a really
you're not alone. And it's like a really cool way to be able to actually live the
cool way to be able to actually live the
cool way to be able to actually live the time between whether it occurs or not.
time between whether it occurs or not.
time between whether it occurs or not. Sometimes it's not your worst will never
Sometimes it's not your worst will never
Sometimes it's not your worst will never happen.
happen.
happen. >> Why do we buy insurance? Why do we have
>> Why do we buy insurance? Why do we have
>> Why do we buy insurance? Why do we have a life jacket? Exactly. You know, all
a life jacket? Exactly. You know, all
a life jacket? Exactly. You know, all these things we do just in case. This is
these things we do just in case. This is
these things we do just in case. This is kind of a little bit of an insulation.
kind of a little bit of an insulation.
kind of a little bit of an insulation. Like a lot of the people that I've
Like a lot of the people that I've
Like a lot of the people that I've started to give the enough bracelet to
started to give the enough bracelet to
started to give the enough bracelet to never had any mental health challenges
never had any mental health challenges
never had any mental health challenges and they wear it like oh I wear it you
and they wear it like oh I wear it you
and they wear it like oh I wear it you know as a as in honor of my mom who
know as a as in honor of my mom who
know as a as in honor of my mom who always makes me feel enough. So it's
always makes me feel enough. So it's
always makes me feel enough. So it's like just a positive thing for them or I
like just a positive thing for them or I
like just a positive thing for them or I wear it to support mental health and you
wear it to support mental health and you
wear it to support mental health and you know friends of mine that have
know friends of mine that have
know friends of mine that have struggled. But it is kind of like a like
struggled. But it is kind of like a like
struggled. But it is kind of like a like you said it's kind of like a you might
you said it's kind of like a you might
you said it's kind of like a you might never come to that crisis but it's
never come to that crisis but it's
never come to that crisis but it's always nice to have the preparation
always nice to have the preparation
always nice to have the preparation ahead of time. Yeah.
ahead of time. Yeah.
ahead of time. Yeah. >> And to know that you have someone in
>> And to know that you have someone in
>> And to know that you have someone in your corner. I think that's the biggest
your corner. I think that's the biggest
your corner. I think that's the biggest thing. It's like that bond with two
thing. It's like that bond with two
thing. It's like that bond with two people to know it's it's it's uh Yeah.
people to know it's it's it's uh Yeah.
people to know it's it's it's uh Yeah. So, thank you. That was really
So, thank you. That was really
So, thank you. That was really beautiful.
beautiful.
beautiful. >> Yeah. Awesome. I'll be thinking about it
>> Yeah. Awesome. I'll be thinking about it
>> Yeah. Awesome. I'll be thinking about it for a long time, too, cuz it's a special
for a long time, too, cuz it's a special
for a long time, too, cuz it's a special way to deliver the message and the the
way to deliver the message and the the
way to deliver the message and the the connection is very powerful and I won't
connection is very powerful and I won't
connection is very powerful and I won't even know how powerful it is until I
even know how powerful it is until I
even know how powerful it is until I need to call you one day and be like, I
need to call you one day and be like, I
need to call you one day and be like, I need to [laughter]
need to [laughter]
need to [laughter] >> I'm like it's happening.
>> I'm like it's happening.
>> I'm like it's happening. >> Well, it help I think it's like just
>> Well, it help I think it's like just
>> Well, it help I think it's like just even the room changed, you know, like
even the room changed, you know, like
even the room changed, you know, like the vibration
the vibration
the vibration more connection, less performance, you
more connection, less performance, you
more connection, less performance, you know, that's something that I always
know, that's something that I always
know, that's something that I always really really try to focus on with with
really really try to focus on with with
really really try to focus on with with um and then like in business, I always
um and then like in business, I always
um and then like in business, I always say go for meaning instead of marketing,
say go for meaning instead of marketing,
say go for meaning instead of marketing, >> you know, like I really think that
>> you know, like I really think that
>> you know, like I really think that businesses that focus on marketing
businesses that focus on marketing
businesses that focus on marketing >> usually don't really break through.
>> usually don't really break through.
>> usually don't really break through. Businesses that focus on meaning
Businesses that focus on meaning
Businesses that focus on meaning >> are the ones that change the world.
>> are the ones that change the world.
>> are the ones that change the world. >> Yeah. And so I always say is like like
>> Yeah. And so I always say is like like
>> Yeah. And so I always say is like like we're what we're just trying to create
we're what we're just trying to create
we're what we're just trying to create more meaning in people's lives. And if
more meaning in people's lives. And if
more meaning in people's lives. And if we do that, people will buy it or
we do that, people will buy it or
we do that, people will buy it or whatever we're doing. Try to kind of
whatever we're doing. Try to kind of
whatever we're doing. Try to kind of bring it back to like what's the most
bring it back to like what's the most
bring it back to like what's the most meaningful to you. Because if you're
meaningful to you. Because if you're
meaningful to you. Because if you're really focusing on what you really care
really focusing on what you really care
really focusing on what you really care about, then the right people will
about, then the right people will
about, then the right people will probably care about that as well. But if
probably care about that as well. But if
probably care about that as well. But if you're trying to like predict what other
you're trying to like predict what other
you're trying to like predict what other people care about,
people care about,
people care about, >> that's when you get yourself into
>> that's when you get yourself into
>> that's when you get yourself into trouble. That's a really good advice
trouble. That's a really good advice
trouble. That's a really good advice especially like you know in the world of
especially like you know in the world of
especially like you know in the world of social in the world of like you know
social in the world of like you know
social in the world of like you know >> social media
>> social media
>> social media >> social media because it's a total mix of
>> social media because it's a total mix of
>> social media because it's a total mix of like
like
like >> personality storytelling and advertising
>> personality storytelling and advertising
>> personality storytelling and advertising is like a part of a lot of it
is like a part of a lot of it
is like a part of a lot of it >> and so just making sure to know that
>> and so just making sure to know that
>> and so just making sure to know that like go back to meaning go back to
like go back to meaning go back to
like go back to meaning go back to meaning
meaning
meaning >> and um make it true you
>> and um make it true you
>> and um make it true you >> yeah I mean that's what you know because
>> yeah I mean that's what you know because
>> yeah I mean that's what you know because I mean look the the thing about enough
I mean look the the thing about enough
I mean look the the thing about enough is my goal is is not only do we create
is my goal is is not only do we create
is my goal is is not only do we create these amazing interaction that we just
these amazing interaction that we just
these amazing interaction that we just had, but also that we do raise a lot of
had, but also that we do raise a lot of
had, but also that we do raise a lot of money for mental health nonprofits. You
money for mental health nonprofits. You
money for mental health nonprofits. You know, there's so many mental health
know, there's so many mental health
know, there's so many mental health organizations in the country that are
organizations in the country that are
organizations in the country that are struggling with the right financing. And
struggling with the right financing. And
struggling with the right financing. And so, in order to do that, we need to sell
so, in order to do that, we need to sell
so, in order to do that, we need to sell a ton of bracelets. I have to go back to
a ton of bracelets. I have to go back to
a ton of bracelets. I have to go back to my Tom's days, right? And so in order to
my Tom's days, right? And so in order to
my Tom's days, right? And so in order to sell a ton of bracelets, you know, one
sell a ton of bracelets, you know, one
sell a ton of bracelets, you know, one of the biggest ways to do that is
of the biggest ways to do that is
of the biggest ways to do that is working with creators on social media,
working with creators on social media,
working with creators on social media, you know, and so I've always believed
you know, and so I've always believed
you know, and so I've always believed that, you know, like whenever we used to
that, you know, like whenever we used to
that, you know, like whenever we used to sell at Nordstrom's and Tom shoes, I
sell at Nordstrom's and Tom shoes, I
sell at Nordstrom's and Tom shoes, I used to say I want them to make as much
used to say I want them to make as much
used to say I want them to make as much money on a pair of Tomms as a pair of
money on a pair of Tomms as a pair of
money on a pair of Tomms as a pair of Converse.
Converse.
Converse. >> So like even though we're giving all
>> So like even though we're giving all
>> So like even though we're giving all these shoes away, I don't want the the
these shoes away, I don't want the the
these shoes away, I don't want the the the the the ways that the business is
the the the ways that the business is
the the the ways that the business is built to have to like sacrifice. And
built to have to like sacrifice. And
built to have to like sacrifice. And that's the same thing with our creators.
that's the same thing with our creators.
that's the same thing with our creators. Like we pay the same commissions, the
Like we pay the same commissions, the
Like we pay the same commissions, the same structure as any brand that might
same structure as any brand that might
same structure as any brand that might work with them. But the difference is is
work with them. But the difference is is
work with them. But the difference is is all we're asking them to do is if this
all we're asking them to do is if this
all we're asking them to do is if this is a message that really resonates with
is a message that really resonates with
is a message that really resonates with you and you feel this like share your
you and you feel this like share your
you and you feel this like share your story. Like the rest will take care of
story. Like the rest will take care of
story. Like the rest will take care of itself. Like you don't need to be like
itself. Like you don't need to be like
itself. Like you don't need to be like pushing or selling the bracelets. It's
pushing or selling the bracelets. It's
pushing or selling the bracelets. It's like this is I'm wearing this as a daily
like this is I'm wearing this as a daily
like this is I'm wearing this as a daily reminder. And by doing that, you know,
reminder. And by doing that, you know,
reminder. And by doing that, you know, plenty the right people will come to it,
plenty the right people will come to it,
plenty the right people will come to it, you know? And so it's it's really about
you know? And so it's it's really about
you know? And so it's it's really about I think that's just so important. It's
I think that's just so important. It's
I think that's just so important. It's like, you know, there's nothing wrong
like, you know, there's nothing wrong
like, you know, there's nothing wrong with working with social media and
with working with social media and
with working with social media and creators and doing these things. The the
creators and doing these things. The the
creators and doing these things. The the the thing is when it really works well
the thing is when it really works well
the thing is when it really works well is someone can be authentically sharing
is someone can be authentically sharing
is someone can be authentically sharing their story and making a living and
their story and making a living and
their story and making a living and putting a message that helps people.
putting a message that helps people.
putting a message that helps people. >> Totally.
>> Totally.
>> Totally. >> Like it's it's so fun to do it that way.
>> Like it's it's so fun to do it that way.
>> Like it's it's so fun to do it that way. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And it's and it should
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And it's and it should
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And it's and it should feel natural like that
feel natural like that
feel natural like that >> as much as you're being thoughtful about
>> as much as you're being thoughtful about
>> as much as you're being thoughtful about it.
it.
it. >> Ah the sound when you pop open a go.
>> Ah the sound when you pop open a go.
>> Ah the sound when you pop open a go. Sorry I'm just really thirsty right now.
Sorry I'm just really thirsty right now.
Sorry I'm just really thirsty right now. Not to pause in the middle of a
Not to pause in the middle of a
Not to pause in the middle of a beautiful conversation that we're
beautiful conversation that we're
beautiful conversation that we're having, but when it hits, it hits. And
having, but when it hits, it hits. And
having, but when it hits, it hits. And for me, I've been drinking Go Brewing
for me, I've been drinking Go Brewing
for me, I've been drinking Go Brewing instead of soda, honestly, instead of
instead of soda, honestly, instead of
instead of soda, honestly, instead of beer. And regretfully, sometimes instead
beer. And regretfully, sometimes instead
beer. And regretfully, sometimes instead of [music] water because I love it so
of [music] water because I love it so
of [music] water because I love it so much. For me, I've been drinking it
much. For me, I've been drinking it
much. For me, I've been drinking it because I don't want to feel crappy,
because I don't want to feel crappy,
because I don't want to feel crappy, which I feel when I drink beer. And
which I feel when I drink beer. And
which I feel when I drink beer. And also, I like the taste. Like genuinely
also, I like the taste. Like genuinely
also, I like the taste. Like genuinely would grab this over kombucha, grab this
would grab this over kombucha, grab this
would grab this over kombucha, grab this over often water, and grab this over
over often water, and grab this over
over often water, and grab this over soda, which is good for me. And you can
soda, which is good for me. And you can
soda, which is good for me. And you can get your Go Brewing, too. You get this
get your Go Brewing, too. You get this
get your Go Brewing, too. You get this flavor, you get chilada. If you go to
flavor, you get chilada. If you go to
flavor, you get chilada. If you go to gobwing.com/exi,
gobwing.com/exi,
gobwing.com/exi, you can get 15% off your order. Throw
you can get 15% off your order. Throw
you can get 15% off your order. Throw these in the fridge, go run 8 miles,
these in the fridge, go run 8 miles,
these in the fridge, go run 8 miles, come home, drink one of these. You'll be
come home, drink one of these. You'll be
come home, drink one of these. You'll be very happy you did. I don't feel like I
very happy you did. I don't feel like I
very happy you did. I don't feel like I need to convince you either. This is
need to convince you either. This is
need to convince you either. This is just It's actually really, really good.
just It's actually really, really good.
just It's actually really, really good. I love it. I genuinely love it. This is
I love it. I genuinely love it. This is
I love it. I genuinely love it. This is Oh, it's blueberry and strawberry.
Oh, it's blueberry and strawberry.
Oh, it's blueberry and strawberry. It's That doesn't even do it justice.
It's That doesn't even do it justice.
It's That doesn't even do it justice. It's like
It's like
It's like I would call [music] this tart and fruit
I would call [music] this tart and fruit
I would call [music] this tart and fruit refreshing summer day. That's what they
refreshing summer day. That's what they
refreshing summer day. That's what they should call it.
should call it.
should call it. Try it yourself.
Try it yourself.
Try it yourself. >> The founder of Spanx is a woman named
>> The founder of Spanx is a woman named
>> The founder of Spanx is a woman named Sarah Blakeley and she's become a good
Sarah Blakeley and she's become a good
Sarah Blakeley and she's become a good friend over the years and she's been
friend over the years and she's been
friend over the years and she's been very financially successful. I think you
very financially successful. I think you
very financially successful. I think you know one of the wealthiest women in
know one of the wealthiest women in
know one of the wealthiest women in America, self-made. And one day we were
America, self-made. And one day we were
America, self-made. And one day we were talking about money and like how to have
talking about money and like how to have
talking about money and like how to have the right relationship to money, you
the right relationship to money, you
the right relationship to money, you know,
know,
know, >> and she said the best advice I've ever
>> and she said the best advice I've ever
>> and she said the best advice I've ever heard. She said, "Blake, money should be
heard. She said, "Blake, money should be
heard. She said, "Blake, money should be really fun to make.
really fun to make.
really fun to make. >> You should have a lot of fun spending it
>> You should have a lot of fun spending it
>> You should have a lot of fun spending it once you make it, and you should have a
once you make it, and you should have a
once you make it, and you should have a lot of fun giving it away, doing
lot of fun giving it away, doing
lot of fun giving it away, doing charity." And she said, "But the most
charity." And she said, "But the most
charity." And she said, "But the most important thing is it's always got to be
important thing is it's always got to be
important thing is it's always got to be fun."
fun."
fun." >> It's really good. It really is
>> It's really good. It really is
>> It's really good. It really is interesting, especially if someone has,
interesting, especially if someone has,
interesting, especially if someone has, you know, had some financial success,
you know, had some financial success,
you know, had some financial success, like you hear of a lot of people money
like you hear of a lot of people money
like you hear of a lot of people money really making a mess of their lives.
really making a mess of their lives.
really making a mess of their lives. >> Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. >> And whether you've had financial success
>> And whether you've had financial success
>> And whether you've had financial success or you're or you're just starting out in
or you're or you're just starting out in
or you're or you're just starting out in your career, like to just know like if
your career, like to just know like if
your career, like to just know like if you can approach it with fun that you're
you can approach it with fun that you're
you can approach it with fun that you're it's never going to have that kind of
it's never going to have that kind of
it's never going to have that kind of negative effect that it can have on you.
negative effect that it can have on you.
negative effect that it can have on you. And and it's great because I found even
And and it's great because I found even
And and it's great because I found even for myself and she gave me this advice
for myself and she gave me this advice
for myself and she gave me this advice when I was doing
when I was doing
when I was doing >> a ton of philanthropy post post Toms
>> a ton of philanthropy post post Toms
>> a ton of philanthropy post post Toms >> and I got to a place where I found
>> and I got to a place where I found
>> and I got to a place where I found myself kind of just writing a lot of
myself kind of just writing a lot of
myself kind of just writing a lot of checks to different charities that were
checks to different charities that were
checks to different charities that were very worthy but I it was almost out of
very worthy but I it was almost out of
very worthy but I it was almost out of obligation like I didn't feel I wasn't
obligation like I didn't feel I wasn't
obligation like I didn't feel I wasn't having fun with it
having fun with it
having fun with it >> and so then like now I look at like
>> and so then like now I look at like
>> and so then like now I look at like enough I'm having so much fun doing it
enough I'm having so much fun doing it
enough I'm having so much fun doing it >> and we're also helping so many people
>> and we're also helping so many people
>> and we're also helping so many people and so you could be doing the same thing
and so you could be doing the same thing
and so you could be doing the same thing >> but it's the it's the mindset that you
>> but it's the it's the mindset that you
>> but it's the it's the mindset that you have that makes all the difference in
have that makes all the difference in
have that makes all the difference in the world.
the world.
the world. >> I have tried to and tell me if this is
>> I have tried to and tell me if this is
>> I have tried to and tell me if this is like in line with this like I've tried
like in line with this like I've tried
like in line with this like I've tried to assign more meaning to like okay I
to assign more meaning to like okay I
to assign more meaning to like okay I went and gave this talk. This is
went and gave this talk. This is
went and gave this talk. This is actually helping me like work on a a
actually helping me like work on a a
actually helping me like work on a a deck on my house that I'm really excited
deck on my house that I'm really excited
deck on my house that I'm really excited about hanging out with my friends on and
about hanging out with my friends on and
about hanging out with my friends on and like putting more like images to it has
like putting more like images to it has
like putting more like images to it has helped me feel more like aware of the
helped me feel more like aware of the
helped me feel more like aware of the money.
money.
money. >> I like that. And it's it's really helped
>> I like that. And it's it's really helped
>> I like that. And it's it's really helped me.
me.
me. >> I like that a lot.
>> I like that a lot.
>> I like that a lot. >> And it makes me feel a little more like
>> And it makes me feel a little more like
>> And it makes me feel a little more like like it's not more in control. It's just
like it's not more in control. It's just
like it's not more in control. It's just like more intentional and less nebulous.
like more intentional and less nebulous.
like more intentional and less nebulous. >> Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. >> Um and I guess more fun because I'm
>> Um and I guess more fun because I'm
>> Um and I guess more fun because I'm like, "Okay, this is that or like even
like, "Okay, this is that or like even
like, "Okay, this is that or like even groceries." Like that can be fun if you
groceries." Like that can be fun if you
groceries." Like that can be fun if you think about like what is funding the
think about like what is funding the
think about like what is funding the groceries? Is it, you know, totally
groceries? Is it, you know, totally
groceries? Is it, you know, totally something that makes me like giggle? Cuz
something that makes me like giggle? Cuz
something that makes me like giggle? Cuz it's like kind of odd that like that is
it's like kind of odd that like that is
it's like kind of odd that like that is the thing. And even though it is one pot
the thing. And even though it is one pot
the thing. And even though it is one pot of money, like I just try to have it all
of money, like I just try to have it all
of money, like I just try to have it all have some sort of meaning almost like in
have some sort of meaning almost like in
have some sort of meaning almost like in a game board. So that money isn't just
a game board. So that money isn't just
a game board. So that money isn't just an idea.
an idea.
an idea. >> Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. >> Well, I think that's the problem is that
>> Well, I think that's the problem is that
>> Well, I think that's the problem is that so many people think
so many people think
so many people think >> like they think about money like in how
>> like they think about money like in how
>> like they think about money like in how much you make and how much you have and
much you make and how much you have and
much you make and how much you have and like this like this this accumulation
like this like this this accumulation
like this like this this accumulation thing, but it's really like when you
thing, but it's really like when you
thing, but it's really like when you think of it the way you've assigned
think of it the way you've assigned
think of it the way you've assigned value to it of like, okay, by doing this
value to it of like, okay, by doing this
value to it of like, okay, by doing this and getting these advertisers, I can go
and getting these advertisers, I can go
and getting these advertisers, I can go on this vacation.
on this vacation.
on this vacation. >> Yeah. or or I can help my friend or I
>> Yeah. or or I can help my friend or I
>> Yeah. or or I can help my friend or I can get, you know, tell me. You're
can get, you know, tell me. You're
can get, you know, tell me. You're excited. I love this.
excited. I love this.
excited. I love this. >> Well, it's funny. I was on one episode
>> Well, it's funny. I was on one episode
>> Well, it's funny. I was on one episode of This Is Us and it was like a tiny
of This Is Us and it was like a tiny
of This Is Us and it was like a tiny little like cameo roll and it was so fun
little like cameo roll and it was so fun
little like cameo roll and it was so fun cuz it was like a huge set and blah blah
cuz it was like a huge set and blah blah
cuz it was like a huge set and blah blah blah, but like not a big part, right?
blah, but like not a big part, right?
blah, but like not a big part, right? But I get residuals. [laughter]
But I get residuals. [laughter]
But I get residuals. [laughter] >> Yes.
>> Yes.
>> Yes. >> And so I'll get this check for like $66
>> And so I'll get this check for like $66
>> And so I'll get this check for like $66 randomly whenever it plays on TV. And I
randomly whenever it plays on TV. And I
randomly whenever it plays on TV. And I make sure that I spend that in really
make sure that I spend that in really
make sure that I spend that in really fun ways cuz I'm like, "This doesn't
fun ways cuz I'm like, "This doesn't
fun ways cuz I'm like, "This doesn't exist."
exist."
exist." >> We call that mailbox money. Have you
>> We call that mailbox money. Have you
>> We call that mailbox money. Have you heard of that before?
heard of that before?
heard of that before? >> No.
>> No.
>> No. >> I don't have that. [laughter]
>> I don't have that. [laughter]
>> I don't have that. [laughter] >> No. Mailbox money is when
>> No. Mailbox money is when
>> No. Mailbox money is when [clears throat] you have done something
[clears throat] you have done something
[clears throat] you have done something in the past that you have some type of
in the past that you have some type of
in the past that you have some type of commission, residuals, whatever, and
commission, residuals, whatever, and
commission, residuals, whatever, and you've forgotten about it and all it
you've forgotten about it and all it
you've forgotten about it and all it just shows up in your mailbox. I've had
just shows up in your mailbox. I've had
just shows up in your mailbox. I've had a few mailbox monies.
a few mailbox monies.
a few mailbox monies. >> It's so fun. That's the most fun cuz
>> It's so fun. That's the most fun cuz
>> It's so fun. That's the most fun cuz you're like, "Why don't there's no just
you're like, "Why don't there's no just
you're like, "Why don't there's no just like it's just just a great bonus."
like it's just just a great bonus."
like it's just just a great bonus." Yeah. and and I literally cannot predict
Yeah. and and I literally cannot predict
Yeah. and and I literally cannot predict it cuz it's like I don't know when this
it cuz it's like I don't know when this
it cuz it's like I don't know when this show is like airing again, you know, or
show is like airing again, you know, or
show is like airing again, you know, or this episode of this show.
this episode of this show.
this episode of this show. >> Um, but that's very fun. I like that
>> Um, but that's very fun. I like that
>> Um, but that's very fun. I like that advice a lot. It also really does help
advice a lot. It also really does help
advice a lot. It also really does help you not take money too seriously because
you not take money too seriously because
you not take money too seriously because to play is is more like a game and to
to play is is more like a game and to
to play is is more like a game and to make sure that in life we're not like
make sure that in life we're not like
make sure that in life we're not like >> I don't know like um
>> I don't know like um
>> I don't know like um >> you know that we're a bit playful with
>> you know that we're a bit playful with
>> you know that we're a bit playful with life in general is probably like the
life in general is probably like the
life in general is probably like the right way cuz money we made it up anyway
right way cuz money we made it up anyway
right way cuz money we made it up anyway you know like it really matters but we
you know like it really matters but we
you know like it really matters but we need to keep it in perspective too. This
need to keep it in perspective too. This
need to keep it in perspective too. This whole thing is a beautiful play. They
whole thing is a beautiful play. They
whole thing is a beautiful play. They call that in India Leia. Leah, I think.
call that in India Leia. Leah, I think.
call that in India Leia. Leah, I think. And that the translation is it's just a
And that the translation is it's just a
And that the translation is it's just a big play.
big play.
big play. >> Oh, really? Like a play like theater or
>> Oh, really? Like a play like theater or
>> Oh, really? Like a play like theater or playful?
playful?
playful? >> Both.
>> Both.
>> Both. >> Okay.
>> Okay.
>> Okay. >> Like it's a it's it's it's just enjoy
>> Like it's a it's it's it's just enjoy
>> Like it's a it's it's it's just enjoy it. Like it's going to happen so fast.
it. Like it's going to happen so fast.
it. Like it's going to happen so fast. And so we've got to make the most
And so we've got to make the most
And so we've got to make the most meaning out of it every day that we can.
meaning out of it every day that we can.
meaning out of it every day that we can. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. >> And we have to really see it as like
>> And we have to really see it as like
>> And we have to really see it as like we're all just playing these different
we're all just playing these different
we're all just playing these different roles and hopefully putting on this
roles and hopefully putting on this
roles and hopefully putting on this beautiful play.
beautiful play.
beautiful play. >> Yeah. That's cool. Yes. In the next
>> Yeah. That's cool. Yes. In the next
>> Yeah. That's cool. Yes. In the next scene of our play, we will [laughter]
scene of our play, we will [laughter]
scene of our play, we will [laughter] move on to more advice.
move on to more advice.
move on to more advice. >> So, here's one for entrepreneurs and
>> So, here's one for entrepreneurs and
>> So, here's one for entrepreneurs and also I just think people in general,
also I just think people in general,
also I just think people in general, it's do you know who Simon Synynic is?
it's do you know who Simon Synynic is?
it's do you know who Simon Synynic is? >> Nope.
>> Nope.
>> Nope. >> Okay, great. Well, I had this idea when
>> Okay, great. Well, I had this idea when
>> Okay, great. Well, I had this idea when you talked about TED earlier because
you talked about TED earlier because
you talked about TED earlier because Simon has did a TED talk that I think is
Simon has did a TED talk that I think is
Simon has did a TED talk that I think is if you are starting a business or
if you are starting a business or
if you are starting a business or involved in a nonprofit, like if there's
involved in a nonprofit, like if there's
involved in a nonprofit, like if there's one TED talk to watch, it's Simon's.
one TED talk to watch, it's Simon's.
one TED talk to watch, it's Simon's. like it is. I've learn I've I've played
like it is. I've learn I've I've played
like it is. I've learn I've I've played it to my staff literally countless times
it to my staff literally countless times
it to my staff literally countless times over the years of any business I'm
over the years of any business I'm
over the years of any business I'm running. Had a huge impact on how I
running. Had a huge impact on how I
running. Had a huge impact on how I built Tom's. But his is all about the
built Tom's. But his is all about the
built Tom's. But his is all about the why. And so what he explains and he goes
why. And so what he explains and he goes
why. And so what he explains and he goes through history of some of the greatest
through history of some of the greatest
through history of some of the greatest movements and companies. I don't want to
movements and companies. I don't want to
movements and companies. I don't want to ruin the TED talk about, you know, why
ruin the TED talk about, you know, why
ruin the TED talk about, you know, why they really worked. And it always goes
they really worked. And it always goes
they really worked. And it always goes back to they were not selling, you know,
back to they were not selling, you know,
back to they were not selling, you know, features. People buy it because of the
features. People buy it because of the
features. People buy it because of the why you're doing it. They don't buy what
why you're doing it. They don't buy what
why you're doing it. They don't buy what you're doing. They buy why you're doing
you're doing. They buy why you're doing
you're doing. They buy why you're doing it. And I think you res you really I
it. And I think you res you really I
it. And I think you res you really I actually got that idea when you
actually got that idea when you
actually got that idea when you reflected back to me that you really
reflected back to me that you really
reflected back to me that you really felt like my why.
felt like my why.
felt like my why. >> And so I think that's why we had such a
>> And so I think that's why we had such a
>> And so I think that's why we had such a meaningful experience. And I think that
meaningful experience. And I think that
meaningful experience. And I think that if you're starting a company or you're
if you're starting a company or you're
if you're starting a company or you're working a nonprofit and you're trying to
working a nonprofit and you're trying to
working a nonprofit and you're trying to sell something to someone or you're
sell something to someone or you're
sell something to someone or you're trying it goes even if you're a creator
trying it goes even if you're a creator
trying it goes even if you're a creator like people have to feel the why. And I
like people have to feel the why. And I
like people have to feel the why. And I think we've gotten sometimes so focused
think we've gotten sometimes so focused
think we've gotten sometimes so focused with algorithms and best practices and
with algorithms and best practices and
with algorithms and best practices and this and that to focus on like what's
this and that to focus on like what's
this and that to focus on like what's performing or what do people want or
performing or what do people want or
performing or what do people want or what's our new feature of our product or
what's our new feature of our product or
what's our new feature of our product or you know why is our glitter better than
you know why is our glitter better than
you know why is our glitter better than others you know but then if you can
others you know but then if you can
others you know but then if you can focus on the why
focus on the why
focus on the why >> all that stuff will take care of itself
>> all that stuff will take care of itself
>> all that stuff will take care of itself and and this TED talk I mean it is
and and this TED talk I mean it is
and and this TED talk I mean it is amazing it's a short one it's not that
amazing it's a short one it's not that
amazing it's a short one it's not that long um it's like early early in his
long um it's like early early in his
long um it's like early early in his career and uh I think it came out maybe
career and uh I think it came out maybe
career and uh I think it came out maybe 20 years ago, but find Simon Synynic's y
20 years ago, but find Simon Synynic's y
20 years ago, but find Simon Synynic's y talk and it is going to bless you for
talk and it is going to bless you for
talk and it is going to bless you for sure.
sure.
sure. >> That's the advice I needed today for my
>> That's the advice I needed today for my
>> That's the advice I needed today for my entrepreneurial journey.
entrepreneurial journey.
entrepreneurial journey. >> It's great.
>> It's great.
>> It's great. >> Um it's great too because it also seems
>> Um it's great too because it also seems
>> Um it's great too because it also seems to combat any like how to get through
to combat any like how to get through
to combat any like how to get through the tough moments if you're even
the tough moments if you're even
the tough moments if you're even internally, right? Because to
internally, right? Because to
internally, right? Because to [clears throat] get up and do it every
[clears throat] get up and do it every
[clears throat] get up and do it every day regardless of what the world's going
day regardless of what the world's going
day regardless of what the world's going to think of it takes a lot of like why
to think of it takes a lot of like why
to think of it takes a lot of like why energy. And it's easier to stay on the
energy. And it's easier to stay on the
energy. And it's easier to stay on the why for a prolonged period of time than
why for a prolonged period of time than
why for a prolonged period of time than looking at metrics day in day out. Yeah.
looking at metrics day in day out. Yeah.
looking at metrics day in day out. Yeah. >> Because nothing is built overnight. I
>> Because nothing is built overnight. I
>> Because nothing is built overnight. I mean like like like like you know my
mean like like like like you know my
mean like like like like you know my sister is a great entrepreneur. Do you
sister is a great entrepreneur. Do you
sister is a great entrepreneur. Do you know the brand Aviator Nation?
know the brand Aviator Nation?
know the brand Aviator Nation? >> So that's my sister.
>> So that's my sister.
>> So that's my sister. >> Oh wow.
>> Oh wow.
>> Oh wow. >> So she started that.
>> So she started that.
>> So she started that. >> I was like I went to a concert at that
>> I was like I went to a concert at that
>> I was like I went to a concert at that place in Malibu and jumped in the ocean
place in Malibu and jumped in the ocean
place in Malibu and jumped in the ocean afterwards.
afterwards.
afterwards. >> It's amazing. Right. So fun. So
>> It's amazing. Right. So fun. So
>> It's amazing. Right. So fun. So literally that business is 20 years old.
literally that business is 20 years old.
literally that business is 20 years old. the first say seven to 10 years it was
the first say seven to 10 years it was
the first say seven to 10 years it was tiny
tiny
tiny >> but she just stayed true to her thing.
>> but she just stayed true to her thing.
>> but she just stayed true to her thing. She's like I'm gonna make the most
She's like I'm gonna make the most
She's like I'm gonna make the most comfortable best sweats like her style.
comfortable best sweats like her style.
comfortable best sweats like her style. She built out every store. My parents
She built out every store. My parents
She built out every store. My parents helped design like you know you know you
helped design like you know you know you
helped design like you know you know you know hammer up the records on the wall.
know hammer up the records on the wall.
know hammer up the records on the wall. I mean just she never took investor
I mean just she never took investor
I mean just she never took investor money. She just was so focused on the
money. She just was so focused on the
money. She just was so focused on the puress and then it just exploded. I mean
puress and then it just exploded. I mean
puress and then it just exploded. I mean now she's got 22 stores. It's one of the
now she's got 22 stores. It's one of the
now she's got 22 stores. It's one of the most valuable brands in the world. She
most valuable brands in the world. She
most valuable brands in the world. She owns 100% of it. I mean, just an amazing
owns 100% of it. I mean, just an amazing
owns 100% of it. I mean, just an amazing entrepreneur. But but that's a good
entrepreneur. But but that's a good
entrepreneur. But but that's a good example of like she was able to
example of like she was able to
example of like she was able to persevere all those years because she
persevere all those years because she
persevere all those years because she really just stayed focused on why she
really just stayed focused on why she
really just stayed focused on why she was doing it and what she believed she
was doing it and what she believed she
was doing it and what she believed she loved and then eventually the rest of
loved and then eventually the rest of
loved and then eventually the rest of the world woke up and loved it too.
the world woke up and loved it too.
the world woke up and loved it too. >> That's really cool. And it's a kind of
>> That's really cool. And it's a kind of
>> That's really cool. And it's a kind of the another side of the coin of you're
the another side of the coin of you're
the another side of the coin of you're not alone. Like both with your tough
not alone. Like both with your tough
not alone. Like both with your tough feelings and with the things you really
feelings and with the things you really
feelings and with the things you really care about, you're probably not alone.
care about, you're probably not alone.
care about, you're probably not alone. >> Yeah. And you don't need everybody to to
>> Yeah. And you don't need everybody to to
>> Yeah. And you don't need everybody to to you don't need that much to be a highly
you don't need that much to be a highly
you don't need that much to be a highly successful business. You know, you need
successful business. You know, you need
successful business. You know, you need enough people to
enough people to
enough people to >> to to feel that way,
>> to to feel that way,
>> to to feel that way, >> but it's far less than you think. So,
>> but it's far less than you think. So,
>> but it's far less than you think. So, here's another thing for your for your
here's another thing for your for your
here's another thing for your for your entrepreneurial venture. Yeah.
entrepreneurial venture. Yeah.
entrepreneurial venture. Yeah. >> So, one of the greatest marketing minds
>> So, one of the greatest marketing minds
>> So, one of the greatest marketing minds in the world, you know, he [snorts] his
in the world, you know, he [snorts] his
in the world, you know, he [snorts] his name is Seth Goden. Do you know Seth
name is Seth Goden. Do you know Seth
name is Seth Goden. Do you know Seth Goden?
Goden?
Goden? >> Only the name.
>> Only the name.
>> Only the name. >> Okay, great. So, he's written amazing
>> Okay, great. So, he's written amazing
>> Okay, great. So, he's written amazing books. One of the best ones is The
books. One of the best ones is The
books. One of the best ones is The Purple Cow. Highly recommend that one.
Purple Cow. Highly recommend that one.
Purple Cow. Highly recommend that one. The reason it's called purple cow is
The reason it's called purple cow is
The reason it's called purple cow is like imagine you're driving down the
like imagine you're driving down the
like imagine you're driving down the road, okay? And you see cows and cows
road, okay? And you see cows and cows
road, okay? And you see cows and cows and cows,
and cows,
and cows, >> no big deal. But if you drove by and you
>> no big deal. But if you drove by and you
>> no big deal. But if you drove by and you saw a purple freaking cow, [laughter]
saw a purple freaking cow, [laughter]
saw a purple freaking cow, [laughter] what would you do? You'd stop. You take
what would you do? You'd stop. You take
what would you do? You'd stop. You take a picture of it. You look at it. You
a picture of it. You look at it. You
a picture of it. You look at it. You see, is this real? Like you'd be
see, is this real? Like you'd be
see, is this real? Like you'd be obsessed with purple cow. So if you want
obsessed with purple cow. So if you want
obsessed with purple cow. So if you want to create a business or anything, a
to create a business or anything, a
to create a business or anything, a movement that works, you got to have a
movement that works, you got to have a
movement that works, you got to have a purple cow. It's got to be remarkable.
purple cow. It's got to be remarkable.
purple cow. It's got to be remarkable. So Seth Goden wrote another book. I
So Seth Goden wrote another book. I
So Seth Goden wrote another book. I think it's called Tribes Maybe. Um, but
think it's called Tribes Maybe. Um, but
think it's called Tribes Maybe. Um, but basically he did the math for us that
basically he did the math for us that
basically he did the math for us that really you only need a thousand people.
really you only need a thousand people.
really you only need a thousand people. >> Whoa.
>> Whoa.
>> Whoa. >> That's all you need. You if you have a
>> That's all you need. You if you have a
>> That's all you need. You if you have a thousand people who absolutely love what
thousand people who absolutely love what
thousand people who absolutely love what you're doing and really believe in it
you're doing and really believe in it
you're doing and really believe in it and are willing to share with their
and are willing to share with their
and are willing to share with their friends, you can start any movement in
friends, you can start any movement in
friends, you can start any movement in the world.
the world.
the world. >> Wow. That's so awesome because I feel
>> Wow. That's so awesome because I feel
>> Wow. That's so awesome because I feel like the expectation would be that it
like the expectation would be that it
like the expectation would be that it would be a percentage and that seems
would be a percentage and that seems
would be a percentage and that seems like infinity. Even if the percentage is
like infinity. Even if the percentage is
like infinity. Even if the percentage is small, thousand people
small, thousand people
small, thousand people >> that it's awesome to have that in your
>> that it's awesome to have that in your
>> that it's awesome to have that in your head. He's he's an amazing guy. He I've
head. He's he's an amazing guy. He I've
head. He's he's an amazing guy. He I've been lucky enough to have lunch with him
been lucky enough to have lunch with him
been lucky enough to have lunch with him one time. He was a big fan of Tom's in
one time. He was a big fan of Tom's in
one time. He was a big fan of Tom's in the early day and yeah, but that's
the early day and yeah, but that's
the early day and yeah, but that's another thing. If you're a business
another thing. If you're a business
another thing. If you're a business person and you're young and you don't
person and you're young and you don't
person and you're young and you don't know who, you know, Seth Goden is,
know who, you know, Seth Goden is,
know who, you know, Seth Goden is, that's fine because he wrote a lot of
that's fine because he wrote a lot of
that's fine because he wrote a lot of books a long time ago. Like get his
books a long time ago. Like get his
books a long time ago. Like get his books. Great. Like those books help me.
books. Great. Like those books help me.
books. Great. Like those books help me. I didn't go to school. I didn't go to
I didn't go to school. I didn't go to
I didn't go to school. I didn't go to college. Didn't go to business school.
college. Didn't go to business school.
college. Didn't go to business school. like his books and other books like
like his books and other books like
like his books and other books like Richard Branson's book, you know, Howard
Richard Branson's book, you know, Howard
Richard Branson's book, you know, Howard Schultz who started Starbucks, his book,
Schultz who started Starbucks, his book,
Schultz who started Starbucks, his book, Mary Kay Cosmetics, her book is
Mary Kay Cosmetics, her book is
Mary Kay Cosmetics, her book is incredible. Like these were my teachers,
incredible. Like these were my teachers,
incredible. Like these were my teachers, like these books.
like these books.
like these books. >> And yeah, and they're available and and
>> And yeah, and they're available and and
>> And yeah, and they're available and and you know, you can
you know, you can
you know, you can >> Yes, you can buy a book.
>> Yes, you can buy a book.
>> Yes, you can buy a book. >> You can just read and listen to them. I
>> You can just read and listen to them. I
>> You can just read and listen to them. I mean, I listen to so many books now.
mean, I listen to so many books now.
mean, I listen to so many books now. It's so great.
It's so great.
It's so great. >> I love satellite mentors like that. Like
>> I love satellite mentors like that. Like
>> I love satellite mentors like that. Like the ones that now maybe you've had lunch
the ones that now maybe you've had lunch
the ones that now maybe you've had lunch with them, but when you first met them,
with them, but when you first met them,
with them, but when you first met them, it was through their books.
it was through their books.
it was through their books. >> Yeah. Oh, yeah. I didn't meet any of
>> Yeah. Oh, yeah. I didn't meet any of
>> Yeah. Oh, yeah. I didn't meet any of these people originally. It was always
these people originally. It was always
these people originally. It was always your books.
your books.
your books. >> And did you always feel like the stuff
>> And did you always feel like the stuff
>> And did you always feel like the stuff you learned in books was like just yours
you learned in books was like just yours
you learned in books was like just yours immediately? Like meaning do you have
immediately? Like meaning do you have
immediately? Like meaning do you have you always had a very positive
you always had a very positive
you always had a very positive relationship with ingesting a book and
relationship with ingesting a book and
relationship with ingesting a book and saying, "Yep, that'll be mine now." Like
saying, "Yep, that'll be mine now." Like
saying, "Yep, that'll be mine now." Like the information.
the information.
the information. >> One of the things I like about
>> One of the things I like about
>> One of the things I like about biographies is, you know, it's the
biographies is, you know, it's the
biographies is, you know, it's the reason I wrote a book in 200 gosh 10 um
reason I wrote a book in 200 gosh 10 um
reason I wrote a book in 200 gosh 10 um about about Tom's and social
about about Tom's and social
about about Tom's and social entrepreneurship. It's called Start
entrepreneurship. It's called Start
entrepreneurship. It's called Start Something That Matters. And the reason I
Something That Matters. And the reason I
Something That Matters. And the reason I wrote it and the reason I love
wrote it and the reason I love
wrote it and the reason I love biographies is that like once you've had
biographies is that like once you've had
biographies is that like once you've had success, you you don't have insecurities
success, you you don't have insecurities
success, you you don't have insecurities the same way you might have in your
the same way you might have in your
the same way you might have in your earlier in your career. So you're
earlier in your career. So you're
earlier in your career. So you're willing to talk about all your failures,
willing to talk about all your failures,
willing to talk about all your failures, right?
right?
right? >> You're willing to talk all the times you
>> You're willing to talk all the times you
>> You're willing to talk all the times you [\h__\h] up. And so we learn so much more
[\h__\h] up. And so we learn so much more
[\h__\h] up. And so we learn so much more from a business book, from what didn't
from a business book, from what didn't
from a business book, from what didn't work than what we see publicly that's
work than what we see publicly that's
work than what we see publicly that's working. You know, in some ways, like
working. You know, in some ways, like
working. You know, in some ways, like hopefully people are learning more from
hopefully people are learning more from
hopefully people are learning more from me sharing about my suffering and how I
me sharing about my suffering and how I
me sharing about my suffering and how I got through it than they did when they
got through it than they did when they
got through it than they did when they were just seeing me on the cover of a
were just seeing me on the cover of a
were just seeing me on the cover of a magazine with Tom Shoes. And so, so I I
magazine with Tom Shoes. And so, so I I
magazine with Tom Shoes. And so, so I I think that to answer your question about
think that to answer your question about
think that to answer your question about do I I really do feel like when I read a
do I I really do feel like when I read a
do I I really do feel like when I read a book, especially a biography, a business
book, especially a biography, a business
book, especially a biography, a business biography, because that's, you know, my
biography, because that's, you know, my
biography, because that's, you know, my trade in some ways, I do I I really take
trade in some ways, I do I I really take
trade in some ways, I do I I really take those stories and okay, what did he
those stories and okay, what did he
those stories and okay, what did he learn from that? Why didn't that work?
learn from that? Why didn't that work?
learn from that? Why didn't that work? have I experienc I mean I really do kind
have I experienc I mean I really do kind
have I experienc I mean I really do kind of look at it and maybe it's because I
of look at it and maybe it's because I
of look at it and maybe it's because I didn't go to college so that is kind of
didn't go to college so that is kind of
didn't go to college so that is kind of like my like when I read those books I'm
like my like when I read those books I'm
like my like when I read those books I'm like studying
like studying
like studying >> well I it's that's how I'm sure they
>> well I it's that's how I'm sure they
>> well I it's that's how I'm sure they were intended to be taken in too like
were intended to be taken in too like
were intended to be taken in too like nobody writes a book thinking like this
nobody writes a book thinking like this
nobody writes a book thinking like this is only for everybody hopes it's for
is only for everybody hopes it's for
is only for everybody hopes it's for everybody right
everybody right
everybody right >> and so I think I just
>> and so I think I just
>> and so I think I just >> um I want to acknowledge that for people
>> um I want to acknowledge that for people
>> um I want to acknowledge that for people who might other themselves from other
who might other themselves from other
who might other themselves from other people's stories
people's stories
people's stories instead of like taking what's truly like
instead of like taking what's truly like
instead of like taking what's truly like making it their own immediately, right?
making it their own immediately, right?
making it their own immediately, right? No matter how different the story might
No matter how different the story might
No matter how different the story might be, it's really about
be, it's really about
be, it's really about >> like learning how people think, right?
>> like learning how people think, right?
>> like learning how people think, right? Cuz you're probably reading these things
Cuz you're probably reading these things
Cuz you're probably reading these things about people with drastically different
about people with drastically different
about people with drastically different lives than yours,
lives than yours,
lives than yours, >> but they're they're
>> but they're they're
>> but they're they're >> they're navigating things and you're
>> they're navigating things and you're
>> they're navigating things and you're learning how they think.
learning how they think.
learning how they think. >> Totally. Yeah.
>> Totally. Yeah.
>> Totally. Yeah. >> Amazing. Well, who else is on your list?
>> Amazing. Well, who else is on your list?
>> Amazing. Well, who else is on your list? I've got one more is my own advice.
I've got one more is my own advice.
I've got one more is my own advice. >> Yes. Oh my god. Okay, so now we get
>> Yes. Oh my god. Okay, so now we get
>> Yes. Oh my god. Okay, so now we get advice from you. [snorts]
advice from you. [snorts]
advice from you. [snorts] >> Well, it's something new I just
>> Well, it's something new I just
>> Well, it's something new I just discovered. It's like this little
discovered. It's like this little
discovered. It's like this little discovery. Um there's this organization.
discovery. Um there's this organization.
discovery. Um there's this organization. It's a nonprofit. I think you can make
It's a nonprofit. I think you can make
It's a nonprofit. I think you can make donations to it called Future Self.
donations to it called Future Self.
donations to it called Future Self. >> It's a website
>> It's a website
>> It's a website >> and what you do is you go and you write
>> and what you do is you go and you write
>> and what you do is you go and you write letters to your future self
letters to your future self
letters to your future self >> and then they come back in the form of
>> and then they come back in the form of
>> and then they come back in the form of an email at a suggested time
an email at a suggested time
an email at a suggested time >> that you suggest.
>> that you suggest.
>> that you suggest. >> Yeah. You can say 6 months send me this,
>> Yeah. You can say 6 months send me this,
>> Yeah. You can say 6 months send me this, a year send me, send me this on my
a year send me, send me this on my
a year send me, send me this on my anniversary, send me this on my
anniversary, send me this on my
anniversary, send me this on my birthday, send me this.
birthday, send me this.
birthday, send me this. >> And it has been incredible in my journey
>> And it has been incredible in my journey
>> And it has been incredible in my journey because at different times in my
because at different times in my
because at different times in my journey, in my healing journey, I would
journey, in my healing journey, I would
journey, in my healing journey, I would I would and this is some way of trying
I would and this is some way of trying
I would and this is some way of trying to manifest growth and healing, I'd say,
to manifest growth and healing, I'd say,
to manifest growth and healing, I'd say, okay, in four months, send me a letter
okay, in four months, send me a letter
okay, in four months, send me a letter checking in about these three things.
checking in about these three things.
checking in about these three things. Like, have I stayed accountable to my
Like, have I stayed accountable to my
Like, have I stayed accountable to my daily practice? You know, am I making,
daily practice? You know, am I making,
daily practice? You know, am I making, you know, this special time for my kids?
you know, this special time for my kids?
you know, this special time for my kids? Like whatever the things are. And it's
Like whatever the things are. And it's
Like whatever the things are. And it's different than like journaling and
different than like journaling and
different than like journaling and remembering to go look back because this
remembering to go look back because this
remembering to go look back because this just show up on your inbox. And what's
just show up on your inbox. And what's
just show up on your inbox. And what's so cool is I literally feel like God's
so cool is I literally feel like God's
so cool is I literally feel like God's involved in this organization because it
involved in this organization because it
involved in this organization because it shows up at the exact right time. Like
shows up at the exact right time. Like
shows up at the exact right time. Like I'll put like four months and then turns
I'll put like four months and then turns
I'll put like four months and then turns out that day I was like really having a
out that day I was like really having a
out that day I was like really having a bunch of self-doubt and I get this
bunch of self-doubt and I get this
bunch of self-doubt and I get this encouraging letter from myself. Like
encouraging letter from myself. Like
encouraging letter from myself. Like it's it's incredible. Like it's really
it's it's incredible. Like it's really
it's it's incredible. Like it's really cool.
cool.
cool. >> That's really cool. It's like you sent
>> That's really cool. It's like you sent
>> That's really cool. It's like you sent an owl out that you can't stop. It's not
an owl out that you can't stop. It's not
an owl out that you can't stop. It's not there's nothing there's no intercepting
there's nothing there's no intercepting
there's nothing there's no intercepting it is what I mean
it is what I mean
it is what I mean >> because they do it
>> because they do it
>> because they do it >> totally totally and I have one more
>> totally totally and I have one more
>> totally totally and I have one more >> yes
>> yes
>> yes >> just a little discovery so I discovered
>> just a little discovery so I discovered
>> just a little discovery so I discovered this app the other day called Sonia
this app the other day called Sonia
this app the other day called Sonia >> and it's called emotional support
>> and it's called emotional support
>> and it's called emotional support basically online therapy with AI
basically online therapy with AI
basically online therapy with AI >> and it was really interesting because I
>> and it was really interesting because I
>> and it was really interesting because I was at a mental health conference and
was at a mental health conference and
was at a mental health conference and there was this guy speaking and
there was this guy speaking and
there was this guy speaking and I have a standing therapy every see it's
I have a standing therapy every see it's
I have a standing therapy every see it's every Wednesday at 2:00, right? And so
every Wednesday at 2:00, right? And so
every Wednesday at 2:00, right? And so every Wednesday at 2:00 I have this this
every Wednesday at 2:00 I have this this
every Wednesday at 2:00 I have this this time which my therapist which has been
time which my therapist which has been
time which my therapist which has been great and has helped me a ton but what
great and has helped me a ton but what
great and has helped me a ton but what about all the time in between and I just
about all the time in between and I just
about all the time in between and I just want to like talk to someone but I don't
want to like talk to someone but I don't
want to like talk to someone but I don't want to like dump on my friends or
want to like dump on my friends or
want to like dump on my friends or something
something
something >> and so I I just tried it out the other
>> and so I I just tried it out the other
>> and so I I just tried it out the other day and it was like pretty freaking
day and it was like pretty freaking
day and it was like pretty freaking amazing
amazing
amazing >> really
>> really
>> really >> like I mean like try it for 30 minutes
>> like I mean like try it for 30 minutes
>> like I mean like try it for 30 minutes it's gonna blow your mind. Are you
it's gonna blow your mind. Are you
it's gonna blow your mind. Are you texting? Are you talking? And it talks
texting? Are you talking? And it talks
texting? Are you talking? And it talks right back and in a beautiful voice. You
right back and in a beautiful voice. You
right back and in a beautiful voice. You can choose all different voices. And
can choose all different voices. And
can choose all different voices. And it's like I know they say that um 80% or
it's like I know they say that um 80% or
it's like I know they say that um 80% or or 75% of chat GDP questions are about
or 75% of chat GDP questions are about
or 75% of chat GDP questions are about like coaching or therapeutic or like
like coaching or therapeutic or like
like coaching or therapeutic or like anything around like our mental
anything around like our mental
anything around like our mental well-being. But this is like I don't
well-being. But this is like I don't
well-being. But this is like I don't know what they've done, but they've
know what they've done, but they've
know what they've done, but they've somehow like made it like a therapist
somehow like made it like a therapist
somehow like made it like a therapist and it remembers everything.
and it remembers everything.
and it remembers everything. >> So like I did a session the other day.
>> So like I did a session the other day.
>> So like I did a session the other day. I' just been messing around with it for
I' just been messing around with it for
I' just been messing around with it for the past couple weeks and it asked me
the past couple weeks and it asked me
the past couple weeks and it asked me about something from like a week ago
about something from like a week ago
about something from like a week ago checking in like a friend would and I
checking in like a friend would and I
checking in like a friend would and I was just blown away. Like think how many
was just blown away. Like think how many
was just blown away. Like think how many people can't afford therapy.
people can't afford therapy.
people can't afford therapy. >> Well, yeah. Or your proximity to it.
>> Well, yeah. Or your proximity to it.
>> Well, yeah. Or your proximity to it. Like when I was in Mammoth when mine
Like when I was in Mammoth when mine
Like when I was in Mammoth when mine hit, there were no therapists there. So,
hit, there were no therapists there. So,
hit, there were no therapists there. So, I had to move back to Oregon. I had to
I had to move back to Oregon. I had to
I had to move back to Oregon. I had to move back to Oregon. It was so awful.
move back to Oregon. It was so awful.
move back to Oregon. It was so awful. And I like didn't want to be in Oregon,
And I like didn't want to be in Oregon,
And I like didn't want to be in Oregon, but it was like where the therapist was.
but it was like where the therapist was.
but it was like where the therapist was. And there was not a single one in in
And there was not a single one in in
And there was not a single one in in Mammoth that could help me. Um and at
Mammoth that could help me. Um and at
Mammoth that could help me. Um and at the time there wasn't like the tea tele
the time there wasn't like the tea tele
the time there wasn't like the tea tele world wasn't as developed. So it wasn't
world wasn't as developed. So it wasn't
world wasn't as developed. So it wasn't >> Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. >> No, it's it's I mean that's you think
>> No, it's it's I mean that's you think
>> No, it's it's I mean that's you think about we went from you had to be in
about we went from you had to be in
about we went from you had to be in person to now zoom and all that. That's
person to now zoom and all that. That's
person to now zoom and all that. That's all happened in the last what 5 10
all happened in the last what 5 10
all happened in the last what 5 10 years. So it's it's it's going to evolve
years. So it's it's it's going to evolve
years. So it's it's it's going to evolve and you know and I don't think they're
and you know and I don't think they're
and you know and I don't think they're trying to take they're saying that we
trying to take they're saying that we
trying to take they're saying that we replace your therapist. are saying like
replace your therapist. are saying like
replace your therapist. are saying like with Sonia there's so much time in
with Sonia there's so much time in
with Sonia there's so much time in between maybe when you have a session
between maybe when you have a session
between maybe when you have a session that that you're going to feel better
that that you're going to feel better
that that you're going to feel better and that's why they call it emotional
and that's why they call it emotional
and that's why they call it emotional supportive like just sharing things and
supportive like just sharing things and
supportive like just sharing things and the other thing that's nice it's like
the other thing that's nice it's like
the other thing that's nice it's like you're never embarrassed
you're never embarrassed
you're never embarrassed >> right
>> right
>> right >> you know like I mean that's sometimes
>> you know like I mean that's sometimes
>> you know like I mean that's sometimes even with my therapist I I kind of like
even with my therapist I I kind of like
even with my therapist I I kind of like do I really want to talk about this
do I really want to talk about this
do I really want to talk about this >> there's a bit with Sonia I'm like
>> there's a bit with Sonia I'm like
>> there's a bit with Sonia I'm like [laughter] just there's no judgment like
[laughter] just there's no judgment like
[laughter] just there's no judgment like you know I share everything sometimes
you know I share everything sometimes
you know I share everything sometimes especially if I'm like having trouble
especially if I'm like having trouble
especially if I'm like having trouble with like a relationship ship. It's
with like a relationship ship. It's
with like a relationship ship. It's really great. Like it's like if I'm
really great. Like it's like if I'm
really great. Like it's like if I'm like, "Okay, here's what's going on, you
like, "Okay, here's what's going on, you
like, "Okay, here's what's going on, you know, with my ex or here's what's going
know, with my ex or here's what's going
know, with my ex or here's what's going on, you know, with this business
on, you know, with this business
on, you know, with this business situation and like I'll just talk for
situation and like I'll just talk for
situation and like I'll just talk for like 20 minutes it seems like." And then
like 20 minutes it seems like." And then
like 20 minutes it seems like." And then it just like replays back to me, but
it just like replays back to me, but
it just like replays back to me, but with like I know this about you and this
with like I know this about you and this
with like I know this about you and this and anyways, it's
and anyways, it's
and anyways, it's >> that's that's my kind of last thing I
>> that's that's my kind of last thing I
>> that's that's my kind of last thing I can think about that has just had a big
can think about that has just had a big
can think about that has just had a big impact on me in such a short period of
impact on me in such a short period of
impact on me in such a short period of time.
time.
time. >> Thank you for sharing that because
>> Thank you for sharing that because
>> Thank you for sharing that because people are probably finding it and don't
people are probably finding it and don't
people are probably finding it and don't know Don't know if there's, you know,
know Don't know if there's, you know,
know Don't know if there's, you know, don't know what to think about it
don't know what to think about it
don't know what to think about it necessarily yet.
necessarily yet.
necessarily yet. >> Oh, yeah.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> Oh, yeah. >> I have one last question just because
>> I have one last question just because
>> I have one last question just because like I'm I am interested in like having
like I'm I am interested in like having
like I'm I am interested in like having a
a
a >> like I'm trying to next year be much
>> like I'm trying to next year be much
>> like I'm trying to next year be much more like really really intentional with
more like really really intentional with
more like really really intentional with my time cuz I'm in like a like the only
my time cuz I'm in like a like the only
my time cuz I'm in like a like the only way I could describe it is like there's
way I could describe it is like there's
way I could describe it is like there's balls on TE's and I'm like ready to like
balls on TE's and I'm like ready to like
balls on TE's and I'm like ready to like hit and stuff.
hit and stuff.
hit and stuff. >> Are you a golfer?
>> Are you a golfer?
>> Are you a golfer? >> No. Um
>> No. Um
>> No. Um >> just golf analogy just come natural. I
>> just golf analogy just come natural. I
>> just golf analogy just come natural. I think I was thinking about softballs,
think I was thinking about softballs,
think I was thinking about softballs, [laughter]
[laughter]
[laughter] but like yeah, golf. Okay. Balls on
but like yeah, golf. Okay. Balls on
but like yeah, golf. Okay. Balls on TE's. Oh, they're te's, right? Oh, yeah.
TE's. Oh, they're te's, right? Oh, yeah.
TE's. Oh, they're te's, right? Oh, yeah. T's. Okay. Okay. Golf. And I've worked
T's. Okay. Okay. Golf. And I've worked
T's. Okay. Okay. Golf. And I've worked really hard to like set some stuff up
really hard to like set some stuff up
really hard to like set some stuff up like years, you know? And I guess I was
like years, you know? And I guess I was
like years, you know? And I guess I was just wondering is there anything cuz I
just wondering is there anything cuz I
just wondering is there anything cuz I don't have a lot of like
don't have a lot of like
don't have a lot of like >> like business mentors, I think. But just
>> like business mentors, I think. But just
>> like business mentors, I think. But just like is there anything about like
like is there anything about like
like is there anything about like anything that comes to mind as as minute
anything that comes to mind as as minute
anything that comes to mind as as minute or [clears throat] or big about like
or [clears throat] or big about like
or [clears throat] or big about like just like getting my [\h__\h] done and like
just like getting my [\h__\h] done and like
just like getting my [\h__\h] done and like doing my life whether it's like how I
doing my life whether it's like how I
doing my life whether it's like how I spend my time or like little habits or
spend my time or like little habits or
spend my time or like little habits or like anything that you found helpful to
like anything that you found helpful to
like anything that you found helpful to you? Like literally anything. I'm just
you? Like literally anything. I'm just
you? Like literally anything. I'm just like I want to make sure I'm like taking
like I want to make sure I'm like taking
like I want to make sure I'm like taking my life seriously, you know.
my life seriously, you know.
my life seriously, you know. >> Okay, great. I have a good piece of
>> Okay, great. I have a good piece of
>> Okay, great. I have a good piece of advice. Okay.
advice. Okay.
advice. Okay. >> Yeah. And it came from my dad actually.
>> Yeah. And it came from my dad actually.
>> Yeah. And it came from my dad actually. >> Oh, great. So, we were playing golf on
>> Oh, great. So, we were playing golf on
>> Oh, great. So, we were playing golf on vacation, and at this point, I had
vacation, and at this point, I had
vacation, and at this point, I had started my first business, which was a
started my first business, which was a
started my first business, which was a laundry business. And so, I was
laundry business. And so, I was
laundry business. And so, I was technically making money while I was on
technically making money while I was on
technically making money while I was on vacation as a 22-year-old. And he was
vacation as a 22-year-old. And he was
vacation as a 22-year-old. And he was losing money because the only way a
losing money because the only way a
losing money because the only way a surgeon makes money is by doing surgery.
surgeon makes money is by doing surgery.
surgeon makes money is by doing surgery. >> And so, what he said was if he was to do
>> And so, what he said was if he was to do
>> And so, what he said was if he was to do it all over again, he would have chosen
it all over again, he would have chosen
it all over again, he would have chosen the path I was choosing, being an
the path I was choosing, being an
the path I was choosing, being an entrepreneur, because I can be on
entrepreneur, because I can be on
entrepreneur, because I can be on vacation and still make money. I can be
vacation and still make money. I can be
vacation and still make money. I can be sleeping and still making money. And so
sleeping and still making money. And so
sleeping and still making money. And so when you ask for kind of a life advice
when you ask for kind of a life advice
when you ask for kind of a life advice as you look at all the things that are
as you look at all the things that are
as you look at all the things that are doing um this is great but this is very
doing um this is great but this is very
doing um this is great but this is very timeconuming you know at the beginning
timeconuming you know at the beginning
timeconuming you know at the beginning of starting a business you know with
of starting a business you know with
of starting a business you know with your your your glitter uh business you
your your your glitter uh business you
your your your glitter uh business you know it's going to take a lot of time
know it's going to take a lot of time
know it's going to take a lot of time but if you can build it to where it
but if you can build it to where it
but if you can build it to where it starts to work on the flywheel itself
starts to work on the flywheel itself
starts to work on the flywheel itself then that can be a nice source of income
then that can be a nice source of income
then that can be a nice source of income you know whether you're doing anything
you know whether you're doing anything
you know whether you're doing anything or not and so I think one of the most
or not and so I think one of the most
or not and so I think one of the most important things in doing and starting a
important things in doing and starting a
important things in doing and starting a small business and hopefully becomes a
small business and hopefully becomes a
small business and hopefully becomes a big business is don't make it too
big business is don't make it too
big business is don't make it too dependent on you.
dependent on you.
dependent on you. >> Like that's really important. Like
>> Like that's really important. Like
>> Like that's really important. Like figure out the thing that only you can
figure out the thing that only you can
figure out the thing that only you can do
do
do >> and then try to have outsources much
>> and then try to have outsources much
>> and then try to have outsources much else. I learned that from Tim Ferrris
else. I learned that from Tim Ferrris
else. I learned that from Tim Ferrris too with the 4-hour work week. That book
too with the 4-hour work week. That book
too with the 4-hour work week. That book is amazing by the way. Um but uh yeah
is amazing by the way. Um but uh yeah
is amazing by the way. Um but uh yeah like don't make it so dependent on you.
like don't make it so dependent on you.
like don't make it so dependent on you. So like even with enough now like it's
So like even with enough now like it's
So like even with enough now like it's my story that kicks it off. But like I
my story that kicks it off. But like I
my story that kicks it off. But like I originally like I brought in other
originally like I brought in other
originally like I brought in other founding partners like Kid Cuy's a
founding partners like Kid Cuy's a
founding partners like Kid Cuy's a partner, Kevin Love's a partner like so
partner, Kevin Love's a partner like so
partner, Kevin Love's a partner like so that other people can be out there
that other people can be out there
that other people can be out there spreading the word. It's just not just
spreading the word. It's just not just
spreading the word. It's just not just me doing it
me doing it
me doing it >> because a business can only scale as
>> because a business can only scale as
>> because a business can only scale as much as you have the systems in place to
much as you have the systems in place to
much as you have the systems in place to do it. And if you want to have a quality
do it. And if you want to have a quality
do it. And if you want to have a quality life and not be working all the time,
life and not be working all the time,
life and not be working all the time, >> you know, find out the thing you can do
>> you know, find out the thing you can do
>> you know, find out the thing you can do only and do that, but let others do
only and do that, but let others do
only and do that, but let others do everything else.
everything else.
everything else. >> That's really great advice. That's amaz
>> That's really great advice. That's amaz
>> That's really great advice. That's amaz It's really really good advice because
It's really really good advice because
It's really really good advice because you would think you could think like
you would think you could think like
you would think you could think like it's the opposite, [laughter] you know?
it's the opposite, [laughter] you know?
it's the opposite, [laughter] you know? Yeah. Like make sure you are
Yeah. Like make sure you are
Yeah. Like make sure you are indispensable, you know, all that stuff.
indispensable, you know, all that stuff.
indispensable, you know, all that stuff. And it's like actually make it like
And it's like actually make it like
And it's like actually make it like derivative of your indispensability but
derivative of your indispensability but
derivative of your indispensability but not um dependent on you not going
not um dependent on you not going
not um dependent on you not going golfing with your dad on vacation
golfing with your dad on vacation
golfing with your dad on vacation >> or going surf. For me, I'm a big surfer
>> or going surf. For me, I'm a big surfer
>> or going surf. For me, I'm a big surfer and so I like to surf and so I don't
and so I like to surf and so I don't
and so I like to surf and so I don't want my ability to not go surfing in the
want my ability to not go surfing in the
want my ability to not go surfing in the morning because I've got to be doing
morning because I've got to be doing
morning because I've got to be doing this and this. So, it's really it's
this and this. So, it's really it's
this and this. So, it's really it's really hard to do it first, but if you
really hard to do it first, but if you
really hard to do it first, but if you can do it in the beginning, it's easier
can do it in the beginning, it's easier
can do it in the beginning, it's easier when it gets bigger.
when it gets bigger.
when it gets bigger. >> Yeah. Well, it's a good I think it's a
>> Yeah. Well, it's a good I think it's a
>> Yeah. Well, it's a good I think it's a foundational
foundational
foundational >> That's it. Yeah. It's a foundation,
>> That's it. Yeah. It's a foundation,
>> That's it. Yeah. It's a foundation, right? And so, that's that's really
right? And so, that's that's really
right? And so, that's that's really great cuz I was going to be like, "Tell
great cuz I was going to be like, "Tell
great cuz I was going to be like, "Tell me to drink orange juice every morning."
me to drink orange juice every morning."
me to drink orange juice every morning." And you're [laughter] like, "No, no, no,
And you're [laughter] like, "No, no, no,
And you're [laughter] like, "No, no, no, no, no. We're going to take two steps
no, no. We're going to take two steps
no, no. We're going to take two steps back." Um, totally.
back." Um, totally.
back." Um, totally. >> So, Oh my god. Amazing. Well, I'm I'm so
>> So, Oh my god. Amazing. Well, I'm I'm so
>> So, Oh my god. Amazing. Well, I'm I'm so grateful. This was like, again, it's
grateful. This was like, again, it's
grateful. This was like, again, it's like Halloween candy where everyone's
like Halloween candy where everyone's
like Halloween candy where everyone's going to be like, I want this one. I
going to be like, I want this one. I
going to be like, I want this one. I want this one. I want this one. And
want this one. I want this one. And
want this one. I want this one. And there was so much wisdom and truth and
there was so much wisdom and truth and
there was so much wisdom and truth and also like your story. I can't say enough
also like your story. I can't say enough
also like your story. I can't say enough about how awesome it is that you are
about how awesome it is that you are
about how awesome it is that you are like just like a a mindful real awake
like just like a a mindful real awake
like just like a a mindful real awake person
person
person >> crafting your life but also kind of like
>> crafting your life but also kind of like
>> crafting your life but also kind of like a um observing your life at the same
a um observing your life at the same
a um observing your life at the same time
time
time >> that you know I feel like there's people
>> that you know I feel like there's people
>> that you know I feel like there's people who just are so maybe one or the other
who just are so maybe one or the other
who just are so maybe one or the other and I think that
and I think that
and I think that >> is the dream for any of us is to like
>> is the dream for any of us is to like
>> is the dream for any of us is to like feel agency and then feel vulnerability
feel agency and then feel vulnerability
feel agency and then feel vulnerability at the same time. Um, so thank you and
at the same time. Um, so thank you and
at the same time. Um, so thank you and I'm so glad to be um in your life and
I'm so glad to be um in your life and
I'm so glad to be um in your life and you in mine.
you in mine.
you in mine. >> Thank you so much. This is awesome.
>> Thank you so much. This is awesome.
>> Thank you so much. This is awesome. >> Amazing.
>> If you're enjoying Mentor Buffet, follow
>> If you're enjoying Mentor Buffet, follow Voicing Change for [music] more
Voicing Change for [music] more
Voicing Change for [music] more inspirational and truly lifeaffirming
inspirational and truly lifeaffirming
inspirational and truly lifeaffirming content from shows like Soul Boom, The
content from shows like Soul Boom, The
content from shows like Soul Boom, The Proof, Feel Better, Live More, and The
Proof, Feel Better, Live More, and The
Proof, Feel Better, Live More, and The Rich Roll Podcast. Just go to
Rich Roll Podcast. Just go to
Rich Roll Podcast. Just go to voicingchange.mdia. [music]
voicingchange.mdia. [music]
voicingchange.mdia. [music] That's voicing change.m media for a
That's voicing change.m media for a
That's voicing change.m media for a beautiful selection of productive and
beautiful selection of productive and
beautiful selection of productive and positive [music] shows.
