---
channel: Gabby Reece
collected_at: 2026-04-08T01:37:34.883468+00:00
original_input_url: https://youtu.be/dH0a_GPUiSU?si=wYLTfZAAMwhYX8mW
published_at: 20260112
source_group: youtube
source_id: youtube_dH0a_GPUiSU
source_type: youtube_auto_caption
title: Blake Mycoskie on “Enough,” Identity, and Healing Beyond Success
uploader: Gabby Reece
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dH0a_GPUiSU
---

for the next 40 days, for 20 minutes in
for the next 40 days, for 20 minutes in the morning and 20 minutes in the
the morning and 20 minutes in the
the morning and 20 minutes in the evening, you're going to set a timer and
evening, you're going to set a timer and
evening, you're going to set a timer and you're going to take your fingers and
you're going to take your fingers and
you're going to take your fingers and your thumbs and you're going to close
your thumbs and you're going to close
your thumbs and you're going to close your eyes and you're going to say, "I'm
your eyes and you're going to say, "I'm
your eyes and you're going to say, "I'm enough. I've always been enough. I am
enough. I've always been enough. I am
enough. I've always been enough. I am enough. I've always been." And you're
enough. I've always been." And you're
enough. I've always been." And you're going to do that. And after 40 days,
going to do that. And after 40 days,
going to do that. And after 40 days, we're going to check in and I have a
we're going to check in and I have a
we're going to check in and I have a feeling you're going to feel totally
feeling you're going to feel totally
feeling you're going to feel totally different.
different.
different. >> Wait, when's the last time I saw you? A
>> Wait, when's the last time I saw you? A
>> Wait, when's the last time I saw you? A couple years, huh?
couple years, huh?
couple years, huh? >> It has been a long time and a hell of a
>> It has been a long time and a hell of a
>> It has been a long time and a hell of a journey for me.
journey for me.
journey for me. Yeah. So, well, Blake, welcome to the
Yeah. So, well, Blake, welcome to the
Yeah. So, well, Blake, welcome to the show.
show.
show. >> Thanks.
>> Thanks.
>> Thanks. >> I am notorious for um starting
>> I am notorious for um starting
>> I am notorious for um starting conversations with no point, especially
conversations with no point, especially
conversations with no point, especially with people that I have met. And [music]
with people that I have met. And [music]
with people that I have met. And [music] I I've uh I'm trying to, you know, start
I I've uh I'm trying to, you know, start
I I've uh I'm trying to, you know, start that. So, I have to admit, so I I think
that. So, I have to admit, so I I think
that. So, I have to admit, so I I think I met you what, 8 10 years ago, maybe?
I met you what, 8 10 years ago, maybe?
I met you what, 8 10 years ago, maybe? >> Yeah. 10 years ago.
>> Yeah. 10 years ago.
>> Yeah. 10 years ago. >> Okay.
>> Okay.
>> Okay. >> In the pool.
>> In the pool.
>> In the pool. >> In the pool. Great place to meet. you
>> In the pool. Great place to meet. you
>> In the pool. Great place to meet. you know, you're everybody's vulnerable and
know, you're everybody's vulnerable and
know, you're everybody's vulnerable and you're in your bathing suits and uh at
you're in your bathing suits and uh at
you're in your bathing suits and uh at that time. Well, maybe you can just
that time. Well, maybe you can just
that time. Well, maybe you can just share because I think leading people up
share because I think leading people up
share because I think leading people up a little bit to this to your journey.
a little bit to this to your journey.
a little bit to this to your journey. >> Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. >> Um to to your your not your your enough
>> Um to to your your not your your enough
>> Um to to your your not your your enough project that you're working on now is is
project that you're working on now is is
project that you're working on now is is fascinating because obviously in doing
fascinating because obviously in doing
fascinating because obviously in doing homework I didn't realize that uh before
homework I didn't realize that uh before
homework I didn't realize that uh before Tom's you know you you were do you're
Tom's you know you you were do you're
Tom's you know you you were do you're like a serial entrepreneur even from
like a serial entrepreneur even from
like a serial entrepreneur even from college. So maybe you could just share
college. So maybe you could just share
college. So maybe you could just share your just your journey.
your just your journey.
your just your journey. >> I was an athlete growing up. I wanted to
>> I was an athlete growing up. I wanted to
>> I was an athlete growing up. I wanted to be a professional tennis player. I lived
be a professional tennis player. I lived
be a professional tennis player. I lived at one of the tennismies where you get
at one of the tennismies where you get
at one of the tennismies where you get you go where you basically train all day
you go where you basically train all day
you go where you basically train all day long and just do a little bit of school.
long and just do a little bit of school.
long and just do a little bit of school. Um I went to SMU on tennis scholarship
Um I went to SMU on tennis scholarship
Um I went to SMU on tennis scholarship was a you know top 20 uh in you know
was a you know top 20 uh in you know
was a you know top 20 uh in you know division one school for tennis. I had an
division one school for tennis. I had an
division one school for tennis. I had an injury my sophomore year that really
injury my sophomore year that really
injury my sophomore year that really changed my life. Um, I hurt my Achilles
changed my life. Um, I hurt my Achilles
changed my life. Um, I hurt my Achilles tendon and I was told that I wouldn't be
tendon and I was told that I wouldn't be
tendon and I was told that I wouldn't be able to play for about six months. Um,
able to play for about six months. Um,
able to play for about six months. Um, and my whole life was tennis. I mean, I
and my whole life was tennis. I mean, I
and my whole life was tennis. I mean, I played, you know, all day every day
played, you know, all day every day
played, you know, all day every day since I was 10 years old. And um, it was
since I was 10 years old. And um, it was
since I was 10 years old. And um, it was interesting because because of that
interesting because because of that
interesting because because of that injury, I um had this problem with my
injury, I um had this problem with my
injury, I um had this problem with my laundry and which is sounds kind of
laundry and which is sounds kind of
laundry and which is sounds kind of random, but what happened was is the
random, but what happened was is the
random, but what happened was is the laundry facility was at the bottom of
laundry facility was at the bottom of
laundry facility was at the bottom of the dorm. And in order to get it to the
the dorm. And in order to get it to the
the dorm. And in order to get it to the bottom, I had to be able to carry it.
bottom, I had to be able to carry it.
bottom, I had to be able to carry it. And because I was on crutches, I
And because I was on crutches, I
And because I was on crutches, I couldn't carry my laundry. And so my
couldn't carry my laundry. And so my
couldn't carry my laundry. And so my laundry was piling up and piling up in
laundry was piling up and piling up in
laundry was piling up and piling up in the room. And my roommate was a little
the room. And my roommate was a little
the room. And my roommate was a little annoyed because it was a mess. And we
annoyed because it was a mess. And we
annoyed because it was a mess. And we were at home at Thanksgiving with his
were at home at Thanksgiving with his
were at home at Thanksgiving with his dad. And his dad was an entrepreneur, a
dad. And his dad was an entrepreneur, a
dad. And his dad was an entrepreneur, a word I did not know the definition of at
word I did not know the definition of at
word I did not know the definition of at the time. And we were talking about how
the time. And we were talking about how
the time. And we were talking about how I couldn't do my laundry and how just
I couldn't do my laundry and how just
I couldn't do my laundry and how just doing laundry in general was a pain. and
doing laundry in general was a pain. and
doing laundry in general was a pain. and his dad knew that we went to a private
his dad knew that we went to a private
his dad knew that we went to a private school where people had disposable
school where people had disposable
school where people had disposable income. And he said, "You guys should
income. And he said, "You guys should
income. And he said, "You guys should start a laundry business and do
start a laundry business and do
start a laundry business and do everyone's laundry."
everyone's laundry."
everyone's laundry." And we kind of looked at each other and
And we kind of looked at each other and
And we kind of looked at each other and we that's kind of interesting. And we
we that's kind of interesting. And we
we that's kind of interesting. And we asked his dad some questions about
asked his dad some questions about
asked his dad some questions about entrepreneurship and next thing you
entrepreneurship and next thing you
entrepreneurship and next thing you know, we scraped together 1,500 bucks.
know, we scraped together 1,500 bucks.
know, we scraped together 1,500 bucks. We bought an old FedEx FedEx truck and
We bought an old FedEx FedEx truck and
We bought an old FedEx FedEx truck and we painted on the side easy laundry. and
we painted on the side easy laundry. and
we painted on the side easy laundry. and I came back and started a laundry
I came back and started a laundry
I came back and started a laundry business.
business.
business. >> Your parents, I mean what what's cuz I
>> Your parents, I mean what what's cuz I
>> Your parents, I mean what what's cuz I think you know and you know this having
think you know and you know this having
think you know and you know this having children it's like you realize also how
children it's like you realize also how
children it's like you realize also how how much of us are are sort of born a
how much of us are are sort of born a
how much of us are are sort of born a certain way and if you if you're unsure
certain way and if you if you're unsure
certain way and if you if you're unsure um either you know have children or you
um either you know have children or you
um either you know have children or you know just look at a couple people you
know just look at a couple people you
know just look at a couple people you know and you go you know they shouldn't
know and you go you know they shouldn't
know and you go you know they shouldn't have come out of that environment. How
have come out of that environment. How
have come out of that environment. How how did your parents take that? You
how did your parents take that? You
how did your parents take that? You know, the laundry business at first was
know, the laundry business at first was
know, the laundry business at first was I just kind of a side project while I
I just kind of a side project while I
I just kind of a side project while I was still doing school. So that was fine
was still doing school. So that was fine
was still doing school. So that was fine then.
then.
then. >> And then after about six months, it
>> And then after about six months, it
>> And then after about six months, it caught on like wildfire at our school
caught on like wildfire at our school
caught on like wildfire at our school and every kid was like, "Why am I doing
and every kid was like, "Why am I doing
and every kid was like, "Why am I doing my laundry?" And we started getting
my laundry?" And we started getting
my laundry?" And we started getting calls and started having to hire people.
calls and started having to hire people.
calls and started having to hire people. We had to buy a second truck. And so at
We had to buy a second truck. And so at
We had to buy a second truck. And so at the end of that semester, I called my
the end of that semester, I called my
the end of that semester, I called my dad who was a doctor, you know, went to,
dad who was a doctor, you know, went to,
dad who was a doctor, you know, went to, you know, you know, very well educated
you know, you know, very well educated
you know, you know, very well educated medical school. Um, and I said, "Hey,
medical school. Um, and I said, "Hey,
medical school. Um, and I said, "Hey, Dad. Um, I think I'm gonna take a year
Dad. Um, I think I'm gonna take a year
Dad. Um, I think I'm gonna take a year off college to grow this laundry
off college to grow this laundry
off college to grow this laundry business because I'm having a lot of fun
business because I'm having a lot of fun
business because I'm having a lot of fun and we have tons of customers and
and we have tons of customers and
and we have tons of customers and there's no way I can go to school and do
there's no way I can go to school and do
there's no way I can go to school and do this. And at the same time, I'd already
this. And at the same time, I'd already
this. And at the same time, I'd already talked to my tennis coach and basically
talked to my tennis coach and basically
talked to my tennis coach and basically said like and then he was really
said like and then he was really
said like and then he was really encouraging because I was like the last
encouraging because I was like the last
encouraging because I was like the last guy on the team. I mean, even though I
guy on the team. I mean, even though I
guy on the team. I mean, even though I was a great junior player, I wasn't good
was a great junior player, I wasn't good
was a great junior player, I wasn't good enough to be, you know, a top player in
enough to be, you know, a top player in
enough to be, you know, a top player in college. And he said, "I think this is a
college. And he said, "I think this is a
college. And he said, "I think this is a great idea." like I mean what an
great idea." like I mean what an
great idea." like I mean what an opportunity for you to you know do
opportunity for you to you know do
opportunity for you to you know do something and he was very
something and he was very
something and he was very entrepreneurial as well. So I had his
entrepreneurial as well. So I had his
entrepreneurial as well. So I had his support called my dad and that was one
support called my dad and that was one
support called my dad and that was one of the defining moments in my life. I
of the defining moments in my life. I
of the defining moments in my life. I really expected my dad to be like what
really expected my dad to be like what
really expected my dad to be like what the hell like you know like you're at
the hell like you know like you're at
the hell like you know like you're at this great university you know and he
this great university you know and he
this great university you know and he said I think it's a great idea. He's
said I think it's a great idea. He's
said I think it's a great idea. He's like take a year off have fun do it like
like take a year off have fun do it like
like take a year off have fun do it like let's see what happens. And it was like
let's see what happens. And it was like
let's see what happens. And it was like one of those moments that I hope that I
one of those moments that I hope that I
one of those moments that I hope that I have those conversations with my kids
have those conversations with my kids
have those conversations with my kids and they have a similar story on a
and they have a similar story on a
and they have a similar story on a podcast someday because I'm so proud of
podcast someday because I'm so proud of
podcast someday because I'm so proud of him and I'm so grateful and I think
him and I'm so grateful and I think
him and I'm so grateful and I think that's been a big part of my belief in
that's been a big part of my belief in
that's been a big part of my belief in myself as an entrepreneur is that you
myself as an entrepreneur is that you
myself as an entrepreneur is that you know he had that response which most you
know he had that response which most you
know he had that response which most you know very well educated doctors their
know very well educated doctors their
know very well educated doctors their firstborn would probably not have.
firstborn would probably not have.
firstborn would probably not have. >> Yeah. Firstborn son no less.
>> Yeah. Firstborn son no less.
>> Yeah. Firstborn son no less. >> Yeah. Yeah. It's funny because you and
>> Yeah. Yeah. It's funny because you and
>> Yeah. Yeah. It's funny because you and your sister are both um entrepreneurs.
your sister are both um entrepreneurs.
your sister are both um entrepreneurs. So, it's Yeah, it's
So, it's Yeah, it's
So, it's Yeah, it's >> it's pretty fascinating to see that. So,
>> it's pretty fascinating to see that. So,
>> it's pretty fascinating to see that. So, how I was thinking about what it would
how I was thinking about what it would
how I was thinking about what it would be like to be in a college town and then
be like to be in a college town and then
be like to be in a college town and then have been on a tennis team, which is
have been on a tennis team, which is
have been on a tennis team, which is like a pseudo family, and then part of
like a pseudo family, and then part of
like a pseudo family, and then part of the student body, and then saying,
the student body, and then saying,
the student body, and then saying, "Okay, I'm I'm not going to do that
"Okay, I'm I'm not going to do that
"Okay, I'm I'm not going to do that anymore."
anymore."
anymore." Did it taking that time off and working,
Did it taking that time off and working,
Did it taking that time off and working, did it make you feel sort of like, oh, I
did it make you feel sort of like, oh, I
did it make you feel sort of like, oh, I want to put my teeth into life? Did it
want to put my teeth into life? Did it
want to put my teeth into life? Did it make you feel outside of things? What
make you feel outside of things? What
make you feel outside of things? What was that sort of unusual space that
was that sort of unusual space that
was that sort of unusual space that happened pretty quickly?
happened pretty quickly?
happened pretty quickly? >> Well, it was it was interesting because
>> Well, it was it was interesting because
>> Well, it was it was interesting because I wasn't in school, but I was picking up
I wasn't in school, but I was picking up
I wasn't in school, but I was picking up and delivering people's [laughter]
and delivering people's [laughter]
and delivering people's [laughter] laundry every day. So, I was like I
laundry every day. So, I was like I
laundry every day. So, I was like I mean, you know, um you know, it was it
mean, you know, um you know, it was it
mean, you know, um you know, it was it was interesting. I was still going to
was interesting. I was still going to
was interesting. I was still going to the bars at night and I was still being
the bars at night and I was still being
the bars at night and I was still being social. It just instead of class I was
social. It just instead of class I was
social. It just instead of class I was doing laundry while my friends were
doing laundry while my friends were
doing laundry while my friends were doing class and all the, you know, kids
doing class and all the, you know, kids
doing class and all the, you know, kids from SMU or a lot of them are or come
from SMU or a lot of them are or come
from SMU or a lot of them are or come from, you know, kind of pretty wellto-d
from, you know, kind of pretty wellto-d
from, you know, kind of pretty wellto-d do families. And so they were kind of
do families. And so they were kind of
do families. And so they were kind of like, what the hell are you doing? Why
like, what the hell are you doing? Why
like, what the hell are you doing? Why do you want to do people's laundry? Like
do you want to do people's laundry? Like
do you want to do people's laundry? Like this is like they just did not get it.
this is like they just did not get it.
this is like they just did not get it. But I was bit with the entrepreneurial
But I was bit with the entrepreneurial
But I was bit with the entrepreneurial bug. I think it was very similar to my
bug. I think it was very similar to my
bug. I think it was very similar to my training in tennis because it was
training in tennis because it was
training in tennis because it was competitive. You know, I had to work
competitive. You know, I had to work
competitive. You know, I had to work hard. It was I was, you know, I had I
hard. It was I was, you know, I had I
hard. It was I was, you know, I had I had a partner, but I was, you know,
had a partner, but I was, you know,
had a partner, but I was, you know, still the two of us were pretty, you
still the two of us were pretty, you
still the two of us were pretty, you know, on our own. And I just loved it. I
know, on our own. And I just loved it. I
know, on our own. And I just loved it. I mean, I think I was born to be an
mean, I think I was born to be an
mean, I think I was born to be an entrepreneur. I mean, I started six
entrepreneur. I mean, I started six
entrepreneur. I mean, I started six companies and I'm in the process of
companies and I'm in the process of
companies and I'm in the process of starting three more right now. So, um,
starting three more right now. So, um,
starting three more right now. So, um, you know, like I I think that was just
you know, like I I think that was just
you know, like I I think that was just like, you know, what I was made to do.
like, you know, what I was made to do.
like, you know, what I was made to do. And once I clicked into it, I loved it.
And once I clicked into it, I loved it.
And once I clicked into it, I loved it. And it didn't matter that my fraternity
And it didn't matter that my fraternity
And it didn't matter that my fraternity brothers made fun of me or that the
brothers made fun of me or that the
brothers made fun of me or that the girls were concerned in the sorority
girls were concerned in the sorority
girls were concerned in the sorority that I was seeing their panties or
that I was seeing their panties or
that I was seeing their panties or whatever. Like it I just I was just like
whatever. Like it I just I was just like
whatever. Like it I just I was just like I'm doing this and I'm making money. I
I'm doing this and I'm making money. I
I'm doing this and I'm making money. I mean that was fun. I'd never made money
mean that was fun. I'd never made money
mean that was fun. I'd never made money before. So because I never had time for
before. So because I never had time for
before. So because I never had time for a job because I was always training in
a job because I was always training in
a job because I was always training in tennis, you know, you know, and so it
tennis, you know, you know, and so it
tennis, you know, you know, and so it was a great experience. And then it led
was a great experience. And then it led
was a great experience. And then it led to other businesses, you know, some
to other businesses, you know, some
to other businesses, you know, some successful, some not, you know, you
successful, some not, you know, you
successful, some not, you know, you know, and I started five companies
know, and I started five companies
know, and I started five companies before I started Tom Shoes. And I was
before I started Tom Shoes. And I was
before I started Tom Shoes. And I was what 29 when I started Tom Shoes. But I
what 29 when I started Tom Shoes. But I
what 29 when I started Tom Shoes. But I had already been an entrepreneur for 11
had already been an entrepreneur for 11
had already been an entrepreneur for 11 years.
years.
years. >> What about the identity part now do you
>> What about the identity part now do you
>> What about the identity part now do you because it's so interesting when people
because it's so interesting when people
because it's so interesting when people come from sports you know that is ends
come from sports you know that is ends
come from sports you know that is ends up being such a heavy duty identity but
up being such a heavy duty identity but
up being such a heavy duty identity but you switched over pretty quickly to put
you switched over pretty quickly to put
you switched over pretty quickly to put you know to focus on something else. Do
you know to focus on something else. Do
you know to focus on something else. Do you think it was less about the identity
you think it was less about the identity
you think it was less about the identity and more about having a place to like
and more about having a place to like
and more about having a place to like you said earlier like oh I have to work
you said earlier like oh I have to work
you said earlier like oh I have to work hard I have to be strategic I need to um
hard I have to be strategic I need to um
hard I have to be strategic I need to um you know I have deadlines there's
you know I have deadlines there's
you know I have deadlines there's pressure I'm wondering if that
pressure I'm wondering if that
pressure I'm wondering if that transition made it a lot easier for you
transition made it a lot easier for you
transition made it a lot easier for you because you had been doing tennis for so
because you had been doing tennis for so
because you had been doing tennis for so long
long
long >> I think two things I do think it was
>> I think two things I do think it was
>> I think two things I do think it was switching one identity for another
switching one identity for another
switching one identity for another >> and I think as we'll get in later to
>> and I think as we'll get in later to
>> and I think as we'll get in later to some of the challenges I've had in my
some of the challenges I've had in my
some of the challenges I've had in my life and some of the suffering I've had.
life and some of the suffering I've had.
life and some of the suffering I've had. >> I actually now look back at it and see
>> I actually now look back at it and see
>> I actually now look back at it and see that I was really craving that external
that I was really craving that external
that I was really craving that external validation that comes from having a
validation that comes from having a
validation that comes from having a public identity because for all my life
public identity because for all my life
public identity because for all my life I was known as the great tennis player
I was known as the great tennis player
I was known as the great tennis player and then I was known as the young
and then I was known as the young
and then I was known as the young entrepreneur. Like everyone, you know,
entrepreneur. Like everyone, you know,
entrepreneur. Like everyone, you know, the business school knew about me. There
the business school knew about me. There
the business school knew about me. There was articles in the paper, you know,
was articles in the paper, you know,
was articles in the paper, you know, there was all that. like even though my
there was all that. like even though my
there was all that. like even though my fraternity brothers didn't think it was
fraternity brothers didn't think it was
fraternity brothers didn't think it was cool, a lot of people thought it was
cool, a lot of people thought it was
cool, a lot of people thought it was pretty remarkable that I had built this
pretty remarkable that I had built this
pretty remarkable that I had built this business and you know when I was 18
business and you know when I was 18
business and you know when I was 18 years old. So I think a lot of it was
years old. So I think a lot of it was
years old. So I think a lot of it was chasing that external validation. It's
chasing that external validation. It's
chasing that external validation. It's so interesting. They don't talk to I
so interesting. They don't talk to I
so interesting. They don't talk to I mean I think people do talk to their
mean I think people do talk to their
mean I think people do talk to their kids about trying to figure out that
kids about trying to figure out that
kids about trying to figure out that relationship with ourselves and letting
relationship with ourselves and letting
relationship with ourselves and letting that be the governing. And I just think
that be the governing. And I just think
that be the governing. And I just think it's it's really hard for most of us to
it's it's really hard for most of us to
it's it's really hard for most of us to avoid
avoid
avoid um until until we're adults, you know,
um until until we're adults, you know,
um until until we're adults, you know, to really go, wait a second, why am I
to really go, wait a second, why am I
to really go, wait a second, why am I really doing this? So, and and yours got
really doing this? So, and and yours got
really doing this? So, and and yours got prolonged because you crushed it. So you
prolonged because you crushed it. So you
prolonged because you crushed it. So you do Tomms um and and do that and it's not
do Tomms um and and do that and it's not
do Tomms um and and do that and it's not only is it the success the success of
only is it the success the success of
only is it the success the success of the business but it's also you know
the business but it's also you know
the business but it's also you know people celebrating
people celebrating
people celebrating what's behind the business and like
what's behind the business and like
what's behind the business and like you're a good guy and you know kind of
you're a good guy and you know kind of
you're a good guy and you know kind of all that part of it that's like even I
all that part of it that's like even I
all that part of it that's like even I think
think
think >> at least for me it would be I mean for
>> at least for me it would be I mean for
>> at least for me it would be I mean for some people they'd be like yeah you know
some people they'd be like yeah you know
some people they'd be like yeah you know keep your compliments I'll take the
keep your compliments I'll take the
keep your compliments I'll take the money but I I think for someone like you
money but I I think for someone like you
money but I I think for someone like you who from what little I know you feel
who from what little I know you feel
who from what little I know you feel very sensitive to to me that it was like
very sensitive to to me that it was like
very sensitive to to me that it was like that might have been maybe as powerful
that might have been maybe as powerful
that might have been maybe as powerful as selling your company.
as selling your company.
as selling your company. >> Oh, way more powerful. And that's why I
>> Oh, way more powerful. And that's why I
>> Oh, way more powerful. And that's why I suffered so much after I sold it because
suffered so much after I sold it because
suffered so much after I sold it because it was never about the money. None of
it was never about the money. None of
it was never about the money. None of the businesses were about the money. It
the businesses were about the money. It
the businesses were about the money. It was about doing something, you know, and
was about doing something, you know, and
was about doing something, you know, and then it was about helping people with
then it was about helping people with
then it was about helping people with Tom's. I mean, we gave a hundred million
Tom's. I mean, we gave a hundred million
Tom's. I mean, we gave a hundred million children shoes in almost every country
children shoes in almost every country
children shoes in almost every country in the world. And so every day I I
in the world. And so every day I I
in the world. And so every day I I created the perfect It's interesting
created the perfect It's interesting
created the perfect It's interesting like I I literally created for someone
like I I literally created for someone
like I I literally created for someone who has a core wound of not feeling
who has a core wound of not feeling
who has a core wound of not feeling enough. I created the perfect cocktail
enough. I created the perfect cocktail
enough. I created the perfect cocktail to numb that wound, you know, because it
to numb that wound, you know, because it
to numb that wound, you know, because it wasn't just the business accolades and
wasn't just the business accolades and
wasn't just the business accolades and being on the cover of Inc. magazine or
being on the cover of Inc. magazine or
being on the cover of Inc. magazine or Fortune magazine. It was, you know,
Fortune magazine. It was, you know,
Fortune magazine. It was, you know, getting recognized at the White House
getting recognized at the White House
getting recognized at the White House for being a public servant, you know,
for being a public servant, you know,
for being a public servant, you know, and and then it was the beautiful
and and then it was the beautiful
and and then it was the beautiful children in Guatemala that like lit up
children in Guatemala that like lit up
children in Guatemala that like lit up when we gave him shoes. So I, you know,
when we gave him shoes. So I, you know,
when we gave him shoes. So I, you know, I mean, you know, whatever side of our
I mean, you know, whatever side of our
I mean, you know, whatever side of our psyches or however we want to describe
psyches or however we want to describe
psyches or however we want to describe it psychologically, I adapted really
it psychologically, I adapted really
it psychologically, I adapted really well to, you know, pacify this this
well to, you know, pacify this this
well to, you know, pacify this this wound for a long time.
wound for a long time.
wound for a long time. >> Do you like when you're in the moment?
>> Do you like when you're in the moment?
>> Do you like when you're in the moment? cuz I mean listen I've had imposttor
cuz I mean listen I've had imposttor
cuz I mean listen I've had imposttor syndrome you know even playing sports or
syndrome you know even playing sports or
syndrome you know even playing sports or just other things where uh you know
just other things where uh you know
just other things where uh you know every I think most people experience it
every I think most people experience it
every I think most people experience it on some level when you were at Tom's I'm
on some level when you were at Tom's I'm
on some level when you were at Tom's I'm so curious like were you were you able
so curious like were you were you able
so curious like were you were you able to witness kind of you know when you
to witness kind of you know when you
to witness kind of you know when you step outside of yourself and you go oh
step outside of yourself and you go oh
step outside of yourself and you go oh you know I'm I'm getting this other this
you know I'm I'm getting this other this
you know I'm I'm getting this other this attention because it's so interesting to
attention because it's so interesting to
attention because it's so interesting to get a lot of attention for doing good.
get a lot of attention for doing good.
get a lot of attention for doing good. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. >> And that's what people don't realize.
>> And that's what people don't realize.
>> And that's what people don't realize. Like you think that that would be easy,
Like you think that that would be easy,
Like you think that that would be easy, but there is something really tricky in
but there is something really tricky in
but there is something really tricky in there.
there.
there. >> So, one of the lowest moments of my life
>> So, one of the lowest moments of my life
>> So, one of the lowest moments of my life was when I got one of the biggest awards
was when I got one of the biggest awards
was when I got one of the biggest awards of my life. It was Nelson Mandela's
of my life. It was Nelson Mandela's
of my life. It was Nelson Mandela's family gave me an award and their
family gave me an award and their
family gave me an award and their father's name in front of a lot of
father's name in front of a lot of
father's name in front of a lot of people. And I went home and just cried.
people. And I went home and just cried.
people. And I went home and just cried. I didn't want it. I didn't want the I
I didn't want it. I didn't want the I
I didn't want it. I didn't want the I mean, I must get emotional now. Like, I
mean, I must get emotional now. Like, I
mean, I must get emotional now. Like, I did not want the award. I did not feel
did not want the award. I did not feel
did not want the award. I did not feel worthy. I was like, you know, yes, we
worthy. I was like, you know, yes, we
worthy. I was like, you know, yes, we help a lot of people, but I'm an
help a lot of people, but I'm an
help a lot of people, but I'm an entrepreneur and this is a man, you
entrepreneur and this is a man, you
entrepreneur and this is a man, you know, you know, it's just like what? Why
know, you know, it's just like what? Why
know, you know, it's just like what? Why am I getting this? And that that
am I getting this? And that that
am I getting this? And that that actually was kind of the beginning of me
actually was kind of the beginning of me
actually was kind of the beginning of me detaching from even wanting to be
detaching from even wanting to be
detaching from even wanting to be involved in Tom's. You know, long before
involved in Tom's. You know, long before
involved in Tom's. You know, long before I sold the company, I started pulling
I sold the company, I started pulling
I sold the company, I started pulling back because I was like, I got put on a
back because I was like, I got put on a
back because I was like, I got put on a pedestal that was impossible. like no
pedestal that was impossible. like no
pedestal that was impossible. like no one I was treated like this saint and I
one I was treated like this saint and I
one I was treated like this saint and I was still making lots of money and
was still making lots of money and
was still making lots of money and running a business and doing these
running a business and doing these
running a business and doing these things and yeah I remember there were
things and yeah I remember there were
things and yeah I remember there were some moments but that was the one that I
some moments but that was the one that I
some moments but that was the one that I really think of. I can remember exactly
really think of. I can remember exactly
really think of. I can remember exactly what I was wearing. I can remember being
what I was wearing. I can remember being
what I was wearing. I can remember being backstage. and mirror being like not
backstage. and mirror being like not
backstage. and mirror being like not wanting it and then getting it and then
wanting it and then getting it and then
wanting it and then getting it and then everyone wanting to take pictures with
everyone wanting to take pictures with
everyone wanting to take pictures with me and their I mean it was just and that
me and their I mean it was just and that
me and their I mean it was just and that was like I think that's the last time I
was like I think that's the last time I
was like I think that's the last time I did any accepted any awards or did any
did any accepted any awards or did any
did any accepted any awards or did any public speaking for like four years like
public speaking for like four years like
public speaking for like four years like it was and that was kind of the
it was and that was kind of the
it was and that was kind of the beginning of the you know the onset of
beginning of the you know the onset of
beginning of the you know the onset of the depression.
the depression.
the depression. >> Yeah. Did you h did you have anyone to
>> Yeah. Did you h did you have anyone to
>> Yeah. Did you h did you have anyone to talk to even at that time? Like did you
talk to even at that time? Like did you
talk to even at that time? Like did you have a friend that you could go, "Hey,
have a friend that you could go, "Hey,
have a friend that you could go, "Hey, it's so funny. I'm I'm I'm grateful and
it's so funny. I'm I'm I'm grateful and
it's so funny. I'm I'm I'm grateful and I'm experiencing this other weird thing
I'm experiencing this other weird thing
I'm experiencing this other weird thing that is hard on me." Or did you just
that is hard on me." Or did you just
that is hard on me." Or did you just pack it all inside? I just packed it in.
pack it all inside? I just packed it in.
pack it all inside? I just packed it in. It's I had great friends. That's the
It's I had great friends. That's the
It's I had great friends. That's the interesting thing. Like I One of the
interesting thing. Like I One of the
interesting thing. Like I One of the things I'm most proud of is my guy
things I'm most proud of is my guy
things I'm most proud of is my guy friend group. I started this group
friend group. I started this group
friend group. I started this group called the Rugged Adventure Club with 12
called the Rugged Adventure Club with 12
called the Rugged Adventure Club with 12 other guys in 2007.
other guys in 2007.
other guys in 2007. and we text every day and and we go on
and we text every day and and we go on
and we text every day and and we go on trips and but back then that was like
trips and but back then that was like
trips and but back then that was like 2013 or 14. the group was still young
2013 or 14. the group was still young
2013 or 14. the group was still young still, you know, the group's much more
still, you know, the group's much more
still, you know, the group's much more se now. We've all had kids. We've all
se now. We've all had kids. We've all
se now. We've all had kids. We've all gone through crisises. We've all some of
gone through crisises. We've all some of
gone through crisises. We've all some of us gotten divorced once or twice. I
us gotten divorced once or twice. I
us gotten divorced once or twice. I mean, like, you know, like we've gone
mean, like, you know, like we've gone
mean, like, you know, like we've gone through some [\h__\h] So now, and like when
through some [\h__\h] So now, and like when
through some [\h__\h] So now, and like when I did struggle with the depression, I
I did struggle with the depression, I
I did struggle with the depression, I had that group, but back then I still
had that group, but back then I still
had that group, but back then I still had those guys, but I didn't have the
had those guys, but I didn't have the
had those guys, but I didn't have the vocabulary to explain what I was
vocabulary to explain what I was
vocabulary to explain what I was feeling. Like imposttor syndrome I had
feeling. Like imposttor syndrome I had
feeling. Like imposttor syndrome I had in a way. And I also just had this this
in a way. And I also just had this this
in a way. And I also just had this this feeling of kind of dread when I had to
feeling of kind of dread when I had to
feeling of kind of dread when I had to tell my story over and over and over
tell my story over and over and over
tell my story over and over and over again because it started not feel real.
again because it started not feel real.
again because it started not feel real. Started to feel like a performance
Started to feel like a performance
Started to feel like a performance >> and I knew when people were going to
>> and I knew when people were going to
>> and I knew when people were going to cry, you know, and I gave the story of
cry, you know, and I gave the story of
cry, you know, and I gave the story of giving shoes and it was like what the
giving shoes and it was like what the
giving shoes and it was like what the hell and so I I kind of suffered
hell and so I I kind of suffered
hell and so I I kind of suffered silently those years. Um, it wasn't
silently those years. Um, it wasn't
silently those years. Um, it wasn't until later that I started really, you
until later that I started really, you
until later that I started really, you know, and was forced to learn a lot
know, and was forced to learn a lot
know, and was forced to learn a lot about mental health that I started
about mental health that I started
about mental health that I started realizing the importance of talking to a
realizing the importance of talking to a
realizing the importance of talking to a therapist or to friends [music] and and
therapist or to friends [music] and and
therapist or to friends [music] and and opening up. This podcast is brought to
opening up. This podcast is brought to
opening up. This podcast is brought to you by One Skin. Now, I first learned
you by One Skin. Now, I first learned
you by One Skin. Now, I first learned about One Skin. It was given to me as a
about One Skin. It was given to me as a
about One Skin. It was given to me as a gift from my friend Heidi. I got the
gift from my friend Heidi. I got the
gift from my friend Heidi. I got the face product, then I got the eye
face product, then I got the eye
face product, then I got the eye product, then I got the body. I used the
product, then I got the body. I used the
product, then I got the body. I used the sunblock. And I've even been using their
sunblock. And I've even been using their
sunblock. And I've even been using their body moisturizer after training. I don't
body moisturizer after training. I don't
body moisturizer after training. I don't know about you, but I'm really trying to
know about you, but I'm really trying to
know about you, but I'm really trying to focus on my health, my internal health,
focus on my health, my internal health,
focus on my health, my internal health, but the idea of taking care of my skin
but the idea of taking care of my skin
but the idea of taking care of my skin from a scientific point of view is very,
from a scientific point of view is very,
from a scientific point of view is very, very important to me. So, let's talk
very important to me. So, let's talk
very important to me. So, let's talk about our New Year's resolution for a
about our New Year's resolution for a
about our New Year's resolution for a second. I think it's all about kind of
second. I think it's all about kind of
second. I think it's all about kind of doing that inventory, looking at, hey,
doing that inventory, looking at, hey,
doing that inventory, looking at, hey, what's not working and getting rid of
what's not working and getting rid of
what's not working and getting rid of that and doubling down on the things
that and doubling down on the things
that and doubling down on the things that work. and One Skin is definitely
that work. and One Skin is definitely
that work. and One Skin is definitely one of the products that I double down
one of the products that I double down
one of the products that I double down on and it stays in my bathroom on my
on and it stays in my bathroom on my
on and it stays in my bathroom on my counter and I just keep adding their new
counter and I just keep adding their new
counter and I just keep adding their new products. What I love about this brand
products. What I love about this brand
products. What I love about this brand is that at the core it is their patented
is that at the core it is their patented
is that at the core it is their patented OS1 peptide. So, it's the first
OS1 peptide. So, it's the first
OS1 peptide. So, it's the first ingredient proven to target scinesscent
ingredient proven to target scinesscent
ingredient proven to target scinesscent cells. These are the root causes of
cells. These are the root causes of
cells. These are the root causes of things like wrinkles, crepiness, and a
things like wrinkles, crepiness, and a
things like wrinkles, crepiness, and a loss of elasticity. These are all key
loss of elasticity. These are all key
loss of elasticity. These are all key signs of skin aging. And these results
signs of skin aging. And these results
signs of skin aging. And these results have been validated in five different
have been validated in five different
have been validated in five different clinical studies. So it's not just like
clinical studies. So it's not just like
clinical studies. So it's not just like something you throw on your skin. These
something you throw on your skin. These
something you throw on your skin. These people have been looking at ingredients
people have been looking at ingredients
people have been looking at ingredients to support your skin, but also at the
to support your skin, but also at the
to support your skin, but also at the cellular level. Certified safe for
cellular level. Certified safe for
cellular level. Certified safe for sensitive skin. So one skin products are
sensitive skin. So one skin products are
sensitive skin. So one skin products are free from over 1,500 harsh or irritating
free from over 1,500 harsh or irritating
free from over 1,500 harsh or irritating ingredients. They're tested by
ingredients. They're tested by
ingredients. They're tested by dermatologist and they have gotten over
dermatologist and they have gotten over
dermatologist and they have gotten over 10,000 five-star reviews. Like I said,
10,000 five-star reviews. Like I said,
10,000 five-star reviews. Like I said, I've been a customer for a long time.
I've been a customer for a long time.
I've been a customer for a long time. I've given it to friends and I noticed
I've given it to friends and I noticed
I've given it to friends and I noticed the difference. So, born from over 10
the difference. So, born from over 10
the difference. So, born from over 10 years of longevity research, One Skin's
years of longevity research, One Skin's
years of longevity research, One Skin's OS1 peptide is proven to target the
OS1 peptide is proven to target the
OS1 peptide is proven to target the cells that cause the visible signs of
cells that cause the visible signs of
cells that cause the visible signs of aging, helping you unlock your
aging, helping you unlock your
aging, helping you unlock your healthiest skin now and as you age. For
healthiest skin now and as you age. For
healthiest skin now and as you age. For a limited time, One Skin is making it
a limited time, One Skin is making it
a limited time, One Skin is making it even easier to stay consistent with up
even easier to stay consistent with up
even easier to stay consistent with up to 30% off your first three subscription
to 30% off your first three subscription
to 30% off your first three subscription orders. That's right, 30% off when you
orders. That's right, 30% off when you
orders. That's right, 30% off when you use the code Gabby Reese, one word at
use the code Gabby Reese, one word at
use the code Gabby Reese, one word at onskin.co/gaby
ree. That's up to 30% off with the code
ree. That's up to 30% off with the code gaby ree gabbby y reece ce. After you
gaby ree gabbby y reece ce. After you
gaby ree gabbby y reece ce. After you purchase, they'll ask, "Hey, where'd you
purchase, they'll ask, "Hey, where'd you
purchase, they'll ask, "Hey, where'd you hear about us?" Please support the show
hear about us?" Please support the show
hear about us?" Please support the show and let them know. That's one.co/gaby
ree.
ree. I know just a few years ago you you
I know just a few years ago you you
I know just a few years ago you you [music] sort of really had
[music] sort of really had
[music] sort of really had it was a a very difficult time, but I'm
it was a a very difficult time, but I'm
it was a a very difficult time, but I'm wondering if you now if there would be
wondering if you now if there would be
wondering if you now if there would be anything that you could direct young you
anything that you could direct young you
anything that you could direct young you in that moment that that could have
in that moment that that could have
in that moment that that could have supported you in a real way because I
supported you in a real way because I
supported you in a real way because I think a lot of people go through their
think a lot of people go through their
think a lot of people go through their own versions of this where they're at a
own versions of this where they're at a
own versions of this where they're at a crossroads.
crossroads.
crossroads. >> They don't have the tools.
>> They don't have the tools.
>> They don't have the tools. For you personally in that scenario, is
For you personally in that scenario, is
For you personally in that scenario, is there something or someone or a series
there something or someone or a series
there something or someone or a series of a couple of practices that you could
of a couple of practices that you could
of a couple of practices that you could have implemented that maybe would have
have implemented that maybe would have
have implemented that maybe would have helped you through that time and then to
helped you through that time and then to
helped you through that time and then to navigate
navigate
navigate um life beyond that?
um life beyond that?
um life beyond that? >> Well, I think I think therapy is great.
>> Well, I think I think therapy is great.
>> Well, I think I think therapy is great. Um I am a big proponent of that. I think
Um I am a big proponent of that. I think
Um I am a big proponent of that. I think if I would have had a therapist to say,
if I would have had a therapist to say,
if I would have had a therapist to say, "Hey, this is what's coming up for me.
"Hey, this is what's coming up for me.
"Hey, this is what's coming up for me. This is what I'm thinking." And they
This is what I'm thinking." And they
This is what I'm thinking." And they could have been like, Blake, this is
could have been like, Blake, this is
could have been like, Blake, this is imposter syndrome or this is, you know,
imposter syndrome or this is, you know,
imposter syndrome or this is, you know, whatever. Like they could have named the
whatever. Like they could have named the
whatever. Like they could have named the kind of psychological challenge I was
kind of psychological challenge I was
kind of psychological challenge I was dealing with and tell me that other
dealing with and tell me that other
dealing with and tell me that other people feel this way too and that I am
people feel this way too and that I am
people feel this way too and that I am enough just as I am and I don't need the
enough just as I am and I don't need the
enough just as I am and I don't need the external validation and actually the
external validation and actually the
external validation and actually the external validation in that case I was
external validation in that case I was
external validation in that case I was getting was warranted. like I did a
getting was warranted. like I did a
getting was warranted. like I did a really great thing. Like I should have
really great thing. Like I should have
really great thing. Like I should have been able to feel that like you know I
been able to feel that like you know I
been able to feel that like you know I think I could have I could have accepted
think I could have I could have accepted
think I could have I could have accepted the compliment, accepted the award and
the compliment, accepted the award and
the compliment, accepted the award and like today if I would get that award I
like today if I would get that award I
like today if I would get that award I would you know I would say okay like
would you know I would say okay like
would you know I would say okay like this is beautiful like how cool is what
this is beautiful like how cool is what
this is beautiful like how cool is what we've done being recognized and I and I
we've done being recognized and I and I
we've done being recognized and I and I feel worthy of it. But
feel worthy of it. But
feel worthy of it. But >> I didn't then. So I think therapy or
>> I didn't then. So I think therapy or
>> I didn't then. So I think therapy or having a really good friend that has I
having a really good friend that has I
having a really good friend that has I mean young people have such a much
mean young people have such a much
mean young people have such a much better understanding of mental health
better understanding of mental health
better understanding of mental health now. Like I think like I think that's a
now. Like I think like I think that's a
now. Like I think like I think that's a great one of the good things is, you
great one of the good things is, you
great one of the good things is, you know, one of the bad things is we have
know, one of the bad things is we have
know, one of the bad things is we have more people struggling than ever before.
more people struggling than ever before.
more people struggling than ever before. One of the good things is like I just
One of the good things is like I just
One of the good things is like I just went back to my high school and gave a
went back to my high school and gave a
went back to my high school and gave a speech like these kids are talking about
speech like these kids are talking about
speech like these kids are talking about this stuff. They're aware of this stuff.
this stuff. They're aware of this stuff.
this stuff. They're aware of this stuff. They're aware of the signs, you know.
They're aware of the signs, you know.
They're aware of the signs, you know. Um, so I also think besides, you know, a
Um, so I also think besides, you know, a
Um, so I also think besides, you know, a good therapist or having someone to talk
good therapist or having someone to talk
good therapist or having someone to talk to, I I I think it kind of goes back to
to, I I I think it kind of goes back to
to, I I I think it kind of goes back to what I'm kind of pouring my heart into
what I'm kind of pouring my heart into
what I'm kind of pouring my heart into now is like just, you know, having um a
now is like just, you know, having um a
now is like just, you know, having um a stronger sense of worthiness outside of
stronger sense of worthiness outside of
stronger sense of worthiness outside of my external accomplishments. So, I
my external accomplishments. So, I
my external accomplishments. So, I wasn't so dependent on what people
wasn't so dependent on what people
wasn't so dependent on what people thought or the award I got or what I
thought or the award I got or what I
thought or the award I got or what I did. It's so it's so interesting because
did. It's so it's so interesting because
did. It's so it's so interesting because the whole world is really set up for was
the whole world is really set up for was
the whole world is really set up for was that good? Good job. You know, like
that good? Good job. You know, like
that good? Good job. You know, like here's a grade, here's a check, here's a
here's a grade, here's a check, here's a
here's a grade, here's a check, here's a it's so interesting because the whole
it's so interesting because the whole
it's so interesting because the whole thing is set up to be so loud that we
thing is set up to be so loud that we
thing is set up to be so loud that we don't get that time within our within
don't get that time within our within
don't get that time within our within ourselves. So, you sell you sell to
ourselves. So, you sell you sell to
ourselves. So, you sell you sell to Tomms. You have a family. Um, you know,
Tomms. You have a family. Um, you know,
Tomms. You have a family. Um, you know, you're very successful
you're very successful
you're very successful and uh and and then you have a I guess
and uh and and then you have a I guess
and uh and and then you have a I guess what what would you call it? I'm not
what what would you call it? I'm not
what what would you call it? I'm not going to label it. What
going to label it. What
going to label it. What >> Sure. Well, it it didn't happen all at
>> Sure. Well, it it didn't happen all at
>> Sure. Well, it it didn't happen all at once. So, no one prepared me for what
once. So, no one prepared me for what
once. So, no one prepared me for what was going to happen when I sold Toms.
was going to happen when I sold Toms.
was going to happen when I sold Toms. Now, I had I love snowboarding and
Now, I had I love snowboarding and
Now, I had I love snowboarding and surfing and pretty much any day that I
surfing and pretty much any day that I
surfing and pretty much any day that I stand sideways, I'm happy. Um, so, um,
stand sideways, I'm happy. Um, so, um,
stand sideways, I'm happy. Um, so, um, when I sold the company, I had the
when I sold the company, I had the
when I sold the company, I had the opportunity to move to the mountains and
opportunity to move to the mountains and
opportunity to move to the mountains and snowboard, you know, 150 days a year or
snowboard, you know, 150 days a year or
snowboard, you know, 150 days a year or however many days. And that was my
however many days. And that was my
however many days. And that was my dream. And so, I sold the company. I
dream. And so, I sold the company. I
dream. And so, I sold the company. I moved to Jackson Hole, Wyoming. Now,
moved to Jackson Hole, Wyoming. Now,
moved to Jackson Hole, Wyoming. Now, three things happened that I wasn't
three things happened that I wasn't
three things happened that I wasn't prepared for that I think was kind of
prepared for that I think was kind of
prepared for that I think was kind of the onset of the depression. Number one
the onset of the depression. Number one
the onset of the depression. Number one is I woke up and I had no purpose
is I woke up and I had no purpose
is I woke up and I had no purpose anymore. Like, even though I was having
anymore. Like, even though I was having
anymore. Like, even though I was having a hard time at Tom's, I was still having
a hard time at Tom's, I was still having
a hard time at Tom's, I was still having purpose. Second thing is even though I
purpose. Second thing is even though I
purpose. Second thing is even though I sold the company and left, all my
sold the company and left, all my
sold the company and left, all my friends still work there, you know. So
friends still work there, you know. So
friends still work there, you know. So all my community, all my best friends
all my community, all my best friends
all my community, all my best friends were all people or most of them were
were all people or most of them were
were all people or most of them were people at Tom's. They were still in Los
people at Tom's. They were still in Los
people at Tom's. They were still in Los Angeles. I was now in the mountains in
Angeles. I was now in the mountains in
Angeles. I was now in the mountains in my big dream house, but I didn't have my
my big dream house, but I didn't have my
my big dream house, but I didn't have my community. And then the third thing, and
community. And then the third thing, and
community. And then the third thing, and I think this is really relevant, is it
I think this is really relevant, is it
I think this is really relevant, is it started getting dark at 5:00 p.m. You
started getting dark at 5:00 p.m. You
started getting dark at 5:00 p.m. You know, I had lived in Los Angeles for 17
know, I had lived in Los Angeles for 17
know, I had lived in Los Angeles for 17 years at this point, and now it's
years at this point, and now it's
years at this point, and now it's getting dark at 5:00 p.m. And that
getting dark at 5:00 p.m. And that
getting dark at 5:00 p.m. And that really, I think, I was not prepared for.
really, I think, I was not prepared for.
really, I think, I was not prepared for. And so those things started what was the
And so those things started what was the
And so those things started what was the beginning of a 7-year, what I would call
beginning of a 7-year, what I would call
beginning of a 7-year, what I would call seasonal depression. So, it wasn't a
seasonal depression. So, it wasn't a
seasonal depression. So, it wasn't a full-on depression. I didn't see a
full-on depression. I didn't see a
full-on depression. I didn't see a psychiatrist. I didn't get on any meds.
psychiatrist. I didn't get on any meds.
psychiatrist. I didn't get on any meds. I didn't freak out really, but I just
I didn't freak out really, but I just
I didn't freak out really, but I just didn't feel like myself the for the
didn't feel like myself the for the
didn't feel like myself the for the first 42 years. I I I did not feel the
first 42 years. I I I did not feel the
first 42 years. I I I did not feel the same energy. Um especially in the winter
same energy. Um especially in the winter
same energy. Um especially in the winter months, I felt depression and I did what
months, I felt depression and I did what
months, I felt depression and I did what I think a lot of people would do in this
I think a lot of people would do in this
I think a lot of people would do in this case and that is I started looking to
case and that is I started looking to
case and that is I started looking to every external thing in the world to
every external thing in the world to
every external thing in the world to feel better. So, and I had all this
feel better. So, and I had all this
feel better. So, and I had all this money, right? And so, you know, built
money, right? And so, you know, built
money, right? And so, you know, built the dream house, got super into very
the dream house, got super into very
the dream house, got super into very dangerous extreme sports, you know,
dangerous extreme sports, you know,
dangerous extreme sports, you know, racing cars, climbing mountains, you
racing cars, climbing mountains, you
racing cars, climbing mountains, you know, surfing big waves that I had never
know, surfing big waves that I had never
know, surfing big waves that I had never surfed before. I mean, I did everything
surfed before. I mean, I did everything
surfed before. I mean, I did everything I can to feel something, you know,
I can to feel something, you know,
I can to feel something, you know, because I was I had lost that that the
because I was I had lost that that the
because I was I had lost that that the the the the purpose. And so it was it
the the the purpose. And so it was it
the the the purpose. And so it was it got bad, you know, usually in the
got bad, you know, usually in the
got bad, you know, usually in the holiday time in the winter, then I'd
holiday time in the winter, then I'd
holiday time in the winter, then I'd kind of bounce out of it because I'd go
kind of bounce out of it because I'd go
kind of bounce out of it because I'd go on a great surf trip or heli ski trip or
on a great surf trip or heli ski trip or
on a great surf trip or heli ski trip or whatever and then I would feel better
whatever and then I would feel better
whatever and then I would feel better and then it but that all that whole
and then it but that all that whole
and then it but that all that whole cycle and that caused a lot of strain on
cycle and that caused a lot of strain on
cycle and that caused a lot of strain on my marriage. Um ultimately ended up
my marriage. Um ultimately ended up
my marriage. Um ultimately ended up getting divorced. Um and then that was a
getting divorced. Um and then that was a
getting divorced. Um and then that was a whole another set of challenges um and
whole another set of challenges um and
whole another set of challenges um and really difficult.
really difficult.
really difficult. >> Um and that kind of went on for six or
>> Um and that kind of went on for six or
>> Um and that kind of went on for six or seven years. years. I ended up moving to
seven years. years. I ended up moving to
seven years. years. I ended up moving to Costa Rica with a family and trying to
Costa Rica with a family and trying to
Costa Rica with a family and trying to do it there and thinking that would
do it there and thinking that would
do it there and thinking that would solve things. That didn't. Um it worked
solve things. That didn't. Um it worked
solve things. That didn't. Um it worked for a little while for a year or two. I
for a little while for a year or two. I
for a little while for a year or two. I got to surf almost every day and that
got to surf almost every day and that
got to surf almost every day and that and got a lot of sunshine and that felt
and got a lot of sunshine and that felt
and got a lot of sunshine and that felt good. But it all came to kind of an end
good. But it all came to kind of an end
good. But it all came to kind of an end when we decided to move back to the
when we decided to move back to the
when we decided to move back to the United States and moved up to the Bay
United States and moved up to the Bay
United States and moved up to the Bay Area. And now I didn't have my surfing
Area. And now I didn't have my surfing
Area. And now I didn't have my surfing as a crutch. Um I didn't have my Costa
as a crutch. Um I didn't have my Costa
as a crutch. Um I didn't have my Costa Rica community. I was living in a city
Rica community. I was living in a city
Rica community. I was living in a city where I didn't know anyone. It was once
where I didn't know anyone. It was once
where I didn't know anyone. It was once again getting dark earlier, you know, in
again getting dark earlier, you know, in
again getting dark earlier, you know, in the winter months. And that's when
the winter months. And that's when
the winter months. And that's when it got really, really bad. I mean,
it got really, really bad. I mean,
it got really, really bad. I mean, that's when
that's when
that's when >> I unfortunately started having suicidal
>> I unfortunately started having suicidal
>> I unfortunately started having suicidal thoughts like all day long. And to say
thoughts like all day long. And to say
thoughts like all day long. And to say it out loud now is like crazy. Like I it
it out loud now is like crazy. Like I it
it out loud now is like crazy. Like I it can't it's like a bad movie that I was
can't it's like a bad movie that I was
can't it's like a bad movie that I was in. Um,
in. Um,
in. Um, >> and cuz it seems so hard to believe cuz
>> and cuz it seems so hard to believe cuz
>> and cuz it seems so hard to believe cuz I always always been like I think one of
I always always been like I think one of
I always always been like I think one of the most optimistic and positive people
the most optimistic and positive people
the most optimistic and positive people in the room, but I just felt so trapped,
in the room, but I just felt so trapped,
in the room, but I just felt so trapped, so lost, so hopeless. I didn't feel any
so lost, so hopeless. I didn't feel any
so lost, so hopeless. I didn't feel any confidence. I didn't feel like I was a
confidence. I didn't feel like I was a
confidence. I didn't feel like I was a good dad. I didn't feel like I was a
good dad. I didn't feel like I was a
good dad. I didn't feel like I was a good friend. I mean, I just it just
good friend. I mean, I just it just
good friend. I mean, I just it just every sign you hear about was severe
every sign you hear about was severe
every sign you hear about was severe depression was happening. And um and
depression was happening. And um and
depression was happening. And um and then on top of that, I got put on a
then on top of that, I got put on a
then on top of that, I got put on a bunch of pharmaceuticals that made it
bunch of pharmaceuticals that made it
bunch of pharmaceuticals that made it worse.
worse.
worse. >> Yeah. And then that I think also created
>> Yeah. And then that I think also created
>> Yeah. And then that I think also created the suicidality.
the suicidality.
the suicidality. And then finally after trying lots of
And then finally after trying lots of
And then finally after trying lots of different things I mean I got my brain
different things I mean I got my brain
different things I mean I got my brain stimulated. I did silent retreats. I did
stimulated. I did silent retreats. I did
stimulated. I did silent retreats. I did other retreat. I mean I did everything.
other retreat. I mean I did everything.
other retreat. I mean I did everything. I hooked up with a great psychiatrist
I hooked up with a great psychiatrist
I hooked up with a great psychiatrist um who also I think is just a great
um who also I think is just a great
um who also I think is just a great therapist. And he said the first thing
therapist. And he said the first thing
therapist. And he said the first thing we got to do is get you off these meds,
we got to do is get you off these meds,
we got to do is get you off these meds, you know. And so I went through a long
you know. And so I went through a long
you know. And so I went through a long tapering process to get off the meds. I
tapering process to get off the meds. I
tapering process to get off the meds. I ended up going to a treatment facility
ended up going to a treatment facility
ended up going to a treatment facility in Arizona that was amazing called
in Arizona that was amazing called
in Arizona that was amazing called Alternative to Meds Center and all they
Alternative to Meds Center and all they
Alternative to Meds Center and all they do is help people get off meds. I'd sat
do is help people get off meds. I'd sat
do is help people get off meds. I'd sat in a sauna for two hours a day at 180
in a sauna for two hours a day at 180
in a sauna for two hours a day at 180 degrees. I mean, took more NAC and well,
degrees. I mean, took more NAC and well,
degrees. I mean, took more NAC and well, I forget the other ones that cause you
I forget the other ones that cause you
I forget the other ones that cause you to nascin just sweating the [\h__\h] out of
to nascin just sweating the [\h__\h] out of
to nascin just sweating the [\h__\h] out of it out. And I got all the [\h__\h] out of my
it out. And I got all the [\h__\h] out of my
it out. And I got all the [\h__\h] out of my system. And there getting clear with my
system. And there getting clear with my
system. And there getting clear with my help of my therapist and an amazing
help of my therapist and an amazing
help of my therapist and an amazing community, you know, I made some big
community, you know, I made some big
community, you know, I made some big life changes. I simplified. I got out of
life changes. I simplified. I got out of
life changes. I simplified. I got out of a relationship. I did a lot of things
a relationship. I did a lot of things
a relationship. I did a lot of things that I needed to do. I repaired things
that I needed to do. I repaired things
that I needed to do. I repaired things with my with my ex-wife. um reconnected
with my with my ex-wife. um reconnected
with my with my ex-wife. um reconnected with my kids and but the biggest thing
with my kids and but the biggest thing
with my kids and but the biggest thing that had the biggest difference in all
that had the biggest difference in all
that had the biggest difference in all of it was, you know, with this
of it was, you know, with this
of it was, you know, with this psychiatrist and doing a lot of therapy,
psychiatrist and doing a lot of therapy,
psychiatrist and doing a lot of therapy, I recognized this this what now I know
I recognized this this what now I know
I recognized this this what now I know is a core wound. And my core wound was
is a core wound. And my core wound was
is a core wound. And my core wound was that I never felt that I was enough. And
that I never felt that I was enough. And
that I never felt that I was enough. And I was able to see how that wound had
I was able to see how that wound had
I was able to see how that wound had been driving pretty much every decision
been driving pretty much every decision
been driving pretty much every decision in my life. You know, from the tennis
in my life. You know, from the tennis
in my life. You know, from the tennis days of being just maniacally focused on
days of being just maniacally focused on
days of being just maniacally focused on being the best to the early business
being the best to the early business
being the best to the early business days to then now the toms. It was all a
days to then now the toms. It was all a
days to then now the toms. It was all a desperate attempt of something inside of
desperate attempt of something inside of
desperate attempt of something inside of me to feel enough. And we ended up one
me to feel enough. And we ended up one
me to feel enough. And we ended up one of the most simplest things in the
of the most simplest things in the
of the most simplest things in the world, but had the most transformative
world, but had the most transformative
world, but had the most transformative effect on my mental health and I believe
effect on my mental health and I believe
effect on my mental health and I believe kind of saved my life was he gave me
kind of saved my life was he gave me
kind of saved my life was he gave me this 40-day challenge. And what it was
this 40-day challenge. And what it was
this 40-day challenge. And what it was is he said, "Your subconscious
is he said, "Your subconscious
is he said, "Your subconscious is repaying this this story in your mind
is repaying this this story in your mind
is repaying this this story in your mind that you're not enough. And we've got to
that you're not enough. And we've got to
that you're not enough. And we've got to rewire your neural pathways." And so for
rewire your neural pathways." And so for
rewire your neural pathways." And so for the next 40 days, for 20 minutes in the
the next 40 days, for 20 minutes in the
the next 40 days, for 20 minutes in the morning and 20 minutes in the evening,
morning and 20 minutes in the evening,
morning and 20 minutes in the evening, you're going to set a timer and you're
you're going to set a timer and you're
you're going to set a timer and you're going to take your fingers and your
going to take your fingers and your
going to take your fingers and your thumbs and you're going to close your
thumbs and you're going to close your
thumbs and you're going to close your eyes and you're going to say, "I'm
eyes and you're going to say, "I'm
eyes and you're going to say, "I'm enough. I've always been enough. I am
enough. I've always been enough. I am
enough. I've always been enough. I am enough. I've always been enough." And
enough. I've always been enough." And
enough. I've always been enough." And you're going to do that. and after 40
you're going to do that. and after 40
you're going to do that. and after 40 days we're gonna check in and I have a
days we're gonna check in and I have a
days we're gonna check in and I have a feeling you're going to feel totally
feeling you're going to feel totally
feeling you're going to feel totally different. Now I was like come on like
different. Now I was like come on like
different. Now I was like come on like I've tried all these different things
I've tried all these different things
I've tried all these different things like you know and this is hard if you've
like you know and this is hard if you've
like you know and this is hard if you've I mean I meditated some but like doing a
I mean I meditated some but like doing a
I mean I meditated some but like doing a mantra for 20 minutes that simple right
mantra for 20 minutes that simple right
mantra for 20 minutes that simple right >> that's what I was thinking when you said
>> that's what I was thinking when you said
>> that's what I was thinking when you said that I thought oh man I don't know if I
that I thought oh man I don't know if I
that I thought oh man I don't know if I could do that for 20 minutes top and
could do that for 20 minutes top and
could do that for 20 minutes top and bottom of the day [laughter]
bottom of the day [laughter]
bottom of the day [laughter] >> it was it was the hard one of the
>> it was it was the hard one of the
>> it was it was the hard one of the hardest things at first that I've ever
hardest things at first that I've ever
hardest things at first that I've ever done and I was like angry I mean Gabby I
done and I was like angry I mean Gabby I
done and I was like angry I mean Gabby I was like this is stupid I was texting I
was like this is stupid I was texting I
was like this is stupid I was texting I was like this is not working I feel
was like this is not working I feel
was like this is not working I feel worse like I mean it was and this was
worse like I mean it was and this was
worse like I mean it was and this was just you know, last year in December.
just you know, last year in December.
just you know, last year in December. So, you know, a year ago today,
So, you know, a year ago today,
So, you know, a year ago today, basically, I mean, I'm doing this mantra
basically, I mean, I'm doing this mantra
basically, I mean, I'm doing this mantra and um and and I just kept at it because
and um and and I just kept at it because
and um and and I just kept at it because I was so I was so desperate to feel
I was so I was so desperate to feel
I was so I was so desperate to feel better and I trusted this guy a lot and
better and I trusted this guy a lot and
better and I trusted this guy a lot and he helped me get off the meds and so I
he helped me get off the meds and so I
he helped me get off the meds and so I was like, "Okay, I'm going to do this."
was like, "Okay, I'm going to do this."
was like, "Okay, I'm going to do this." >> And it was almost like a magical thing
>> And it was almost like a magical thing
>> And it was almost like a magical thing happened at day 28. So, I don't know
happened at day 28. So, I don't know
happened at day 28. So, I don't know why, but on day 28, I was doing it. I'll
why, but on day 28, I was doing it. I'll
why, but on day 28, I was doing it. I'll never forget. I was in the morning and
never forget. I was in the morning and
never forget. I was in the morning and like the 20 minutes went by like in two
like the 20 minutes went by like in two
like the 20 minutes went by like in two minutes. It felt like like the timer
minutes. It felt like like the timer
minutes. It felt like like the timer went off and I was like looked at it
went off and I was like looked at it
went off and I was like looked at it like
like
like >> and I got up and I just felt different.
>> and I got up and I just felt different.
>> and I got up and I just felt different. It was weird. Like my body like it was
It was weird. Like my body like it was
It was weird. Like my body like it was like a switch. And then that night when
like a switch. And then that night when
like a switch. And then that night when I went to go do it, I was like excited
I went to go do it, I was like excited
I went to go do it, I was like excited to do it. And then on day 29, I felt
to do it. And then on day 29, I felt
to do it. And then on day 29, I felt better. And day 30, I was telling my
better. And day 30, I was telling my
better. And day 30, I was telling my friends like, "Hey, this is the coolest
friends like, "Hey, this is the coolest
friends like, "Hey, this is the coolest thing. Not going to believe this. It's
thing. Not going to believe this. It's
thing. Not going to believe this. It's actually I'm I feel different. I don't
actually I'm I feel different. I don't
actually I'm I feel different. I don't feel anx I'm not waking up with anxiety
feel anx I'm not waking up with anxiety
feel anx I'm not waking up with anxiety in the morning." And I'm not worried if
in the morning." And I'm not worried if
in the morning." And I'm not worried if like, you know, my ex-wife, you know,
like, you know, my ex-wife, you know,
like, you know, my ex-wife, you know, says something not nice about me or I'm
says something not nice about me or I'm
says something not nice about me or I'm not a good dad or whatever. I mean, it
not a good dad or whatever. I mean, it
not a good dad or whatever. I mean, it doesn't matter. Like, I was just like,
doesn't matter. Like, I was just like,
doesn't matter. Like, I was just like, "Wow, like I I think I feel enough." And
"Wow, like I I think I feel enough." And
"Wow, like I I think I feel enough." And so, I did this did this. I get to day 40
so, I did this did this. I get to day 40
so, I did this did this. I get to day 40 and I'm feeling great now. Before all
and I'm feeling great now. Before all
and I'm feeling great now. Before all this happened, six months before, I
this happened, six months before, I
this happened, six months before, I signed up to go to this really intense
signed up to go to this really intense
signed up to go to this really intense kind of personal spiritual retreat in
kind of personal spiritual retreat in
kind of personal spiritual retreat in India because I was told by a friend who
India because I was told by a friend who
India because I was told by a friend who was also suicidal that he went and it
was also suicidal that he went and it
was also suicidal that he went and it saved his life. So, I'm like, I'm it.
saved his life. So, I'm like, I'm it.
saved his life. So, I'm like, I'm it. And I got, you know, you know, coverage
And I got, you know, you know, coverage
And I got, you know, you know, coverage with the kids. And so I was going to do
with the kids. And so I was going to do
with the kids. And so I was going to do this and so I'm feeling great now but
this and so I'm feeling great now but
this and so I'm feeling great now but I've already signed up for India. I like
I've already signed up for India. I like
I've already signed up for India. I like I might as well go. And so I go to India
I might as well go. And so I go to India
I might as well go. And so I go to India and I don't know what day it was but I
and I don't know what day it was but I
and I don't know what day it was but I was sitting we did like lots of
was sitting we did like lots of
was sitting we did like lots of meditation. Holy cow. I mean all kinds
meditation. Holy cow. I mean all kinds
meditation. Holy cow. I mean all kinds of meditations in this ashram. It was
of meditations in this ashram. It was
of meditations in this ashram. It was beautiful beautiful program. And all of
beautiful beautiful program. And all of
beautiful beautiful program. And all of a sudden kind of like what happened with
a sudden kind of like what happened with
a sudden kind of like what happened with Tom shoes
Tom shoes
Tom shoes I just had this voice and it was like
I just had this voice and it was like
I just had this voice and it was like you're not the only person that
you're not the only person that
you're not the only person that struggles with this feeling.
struggles with this feeling.
struggles with this feeling. >> Yeah. This is a cultural sickness and
>> Yeah. This is a cultural sickness and
>> Yeah. This is a cultural sickness and your experience and everything you've
your experience and everything you've
your experience and everything you've gone through was so that you could help
gone through was so that you could help
gone through was so that you could help others and you need to go home when you
others and you need to go home when you
others and you need to go home when you finish here and help figure out a way to
finish here and help figure out a way to
finish here and help figure out a way to help other people feel enough. And I was
help other people feel enough. And I was
help other people feel enough. And I was like I mean I just like lit up. I didn't
like I mean I just like lit up. I didn't
like I mean I just like lit up. I didn't know what I was going to do but I like
know what I was going to do but I like
know what I was going to do but I like the message was so clear. So I got my
the message was so clear. So I got my
the message was so clear. So I got my journal. I wrote it down. I finished the
journal. I wrote it down. I finished the
journal. I wrote it down. I finished the India program. I came home and I have
India program. I came home and I have
India program. I came home and I have dinner with my best friend John who was
dinner with my best friend John who was
dinner with my best friend John who was also one of my, you know, best mentors
also one of my, you know, best mentors
also one of my, you know, best mentors at Tom's and helped design our eyewear
at Tom's and helped design our eyewear
at Tom's and helped design our eyewear and and I'm telling him and I'm like,
and and I'm telling him and I'm like,
and and I'm telling him and I'm like, "Oh, maybe I should do shoes again or
"Oh, maybe I should do shoes again or
"Oh, maybe I should do shoes again or should this like what can I do to, you
should this like what can I do to, you
should this like what can I do to, you know, help people, you know, feel
know, help people, you know, feel
know, help people, you know, feel enough?" And he's like, "It's a
enough?" And he's like, "It's a
enough?" And he's like, "It's a bracelet." And I'm like, "A bracelet?"
bracelet." And I'm like, "A bracelet?"
bracelet." And I'm like, "A bracelet?" And he's like, "Yeah." He said, "Blake,
And he's like, "Yeah." He said, "Blake,
And he's like, "Yeah." He said, "Blake, ever since I've known you, you've always
ever since I've known you, you've always
ever since I've known you, you've always worn bracelets. Like, I've always I
worn bracelets. Like, I've always I
worn bracelets. Like, I've always I mean, even back in the day before Yeah.
mean, even back in the day before Yeah.
mean, even back in the day before Yeah. Right. You know,
Right. You know,
Right. You know, And so he said, "I think you need a
And so he said, "I think you need a
And so he said, "I think you need a daily reminder that you're enough. I
daily reminder that you're enough. I
daily reminder that you're enough. I think you should create enough bracelet
think you should create enough bracelet
think you should create enough bracelet and I think you should sell it." And
and I think you should sell it." And
and I think you should sell it." And then I was like, "Okay." And I was like,
then I was like, "Okay." And I was like,
then I was like, "Okay." And I was like, "And I don't thankfully need to make
"And I don't thankfully need to make
"And I don't thankfully need to make money anymore." So I was like, "A
money anymore." So I was like, "A
money anymore." So I was like, "A [snorts] 100% of the profits will go to
[snorts] 100% of the profits will go to
[snorts] 100% of the profits will go to mental health organizations." So like,
mental health organizations." So like,
mental health organizations." So like, you know, that is easy to do. And he and
you know, that is easy to do. And he and
you know, that is easy to do. And he and so literally talk to someone in
so literally talk to someone in
so literally talk to someone in production back to India and we make the
production back to India and we make the
production back to India and we make the bracelets in India. These beautiful
bracelets in India. These beautiful
bracelets in India. These beautiful women hand make them. there. I'll show
women hand make them. there. I'll show
women hand make them. there. I'll show you one here. I don't know if this is on
you one here. I don't know if this is on
you one here. I don't know if this is on video or not, but Okay, it is great. So,
video or not, but Okay, it is great. So,
video or not, but Okay, it is great. So, it's a hand beaded bracelet.
it's a hand beaded bracelet.
it's a hand beaded bracelet. >> Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. >> And I started wearing it and it was a
>> And I started wearing it and it was a
>> And I started wearing it and it was a great little tool for me. And then, you
great little tool for me. And then, you
great little tool for me. And then, you know, I gave some to some friends and it
know, I gave some to some friends and it
know, I gave some to some friends and it was this and that. And then the my
was this and that. And then the my
was this and that. And then the my favorite part about the whole project
favorite part about the whole project
favorite part about the whole project besides the fact that we could commit to
besides the fact that we could commit to
besides the fact that we could commit to 100% of profits going to these
100% of profits going to these
100% of profits going to these organizations because of the financial
organizations because of the financial
organizations because of the financial freedom I'd already created. The
freedom I'd already created. The
freedom I'd already created. The favorite part came when we thought about
favorite part came when we thought about
favorite part came when we thought about power of wearing it is one thing but the
power of wearing it is one thing but the
power of wearing it is one thing but the power of giving it is another.
power of giving it is another.
power of giving it is another. >> Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. >> So how there's always someone in our
>> So how there's always someone in our
>> So how there's always someone in our life that either a might really need
life that either a might really need
life that either a might really need this message or b is the reason we feel
this message or b is the reason we feel
this message or b is the reason we feel enough like they they gave you that
enough like they they gave you that
enough like they they gave you that self-conscious like my dad on that phone
self-conscious like my dad on that phone
self-conscious like my dad on that phone call. And so we created this I'll show
call. And so we created this I'll show
call. And so we created this I'll show you this little box here.
you this little box here.
you this little box here. >> And so when you buy it it comes in this
>> And so when you buy it it comes in this
>> And so when you buy it it comes in this box and then inside there's not one but
box and then inside there's not one but
box and then inside there's not one but two bracelets.
two bracelets.
two bracelets. >> Oh. So, one for you and one to give. And
>> Oh. So, one for you and one to give. And
>> Oh. So, one for you and one to give. And so, the idea is that when you wear one,
so, the idea is that when you wear one,
so, the idea is that when you wear one, what you like it?
what you like it?
what you like it? >> Well, and it's that back to one for you
>> Well, and it's that back to one for you
>> Well, and it's that back to one for you and one to give.
and one to give.
and one to give. >> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. >> So, so that's what came. Yeah.
>> So, so that's what came. Yeah.
>> So, so that's what came. Yeah. >> No, you said the idea you were going to
>> No, you said the idea you were going to
>> No, you said the idea you were going to I cut you off. I'm sorry.
I cut you off. I'm sorry.
I cut you off. I'm sorry. >> So, so the idea is is that when you
>> So, so the idea is is that when you
>> So, so the idea is is that when you commit to wearing one as a reminder
commit to wearing one as a reminder
commit to wearing one as a reminder yourself, you also get the joy of giving
yourself, you also get the joy of giving
yourself, you also get the joy of giving one. And so like with Tom's like you
one. And so like with Tom's like you
one. And so like with Tom's like you bought a pair of shoes we gave a pair of
bought a pair of shoes we gave a pair of
bought a pair of shoes we gave a pair of shoes on your behalf. Now with this one
shoes on your behalf. Now with this one
shoes on your behalf. Now with this one for one it's you know when you're buying
for one it's you know when you're buying
for one it's you know when you're buying one you get to do the giving and and so
one you get to do the giving and and so
one you get to do the giving and and so we got so excited about that me and it's
we got so excited about that me and it's
we got so excited about that me and it's a very small team here at Enough and and
a very small team here at Enough and and
a very small team here at Enough and and then my assistant said this is so
then my assistant said this is so
then my assistant said this is so beautiful. I'm so excited. But like
beautiful. I'm so excited. But like
beautiful. I'm so excited. But like Blake, I'm not so good like being
Blake, I'm not so good like being
Blake, I'm not so good like being vulnerable with people like and if I'm
vulnerable with people like and if I'm
vulnerable with people like and if I'm giving this enough bracelet to my mom or
giving this enough bracelet to my mom or
giving this enough bracelet to my mom or to my friend or whatever, like I don't
to my friend or whatever, like I don't
to my friend or whatever, like I don't know what I would say like how I would
know what I would say like how I would
know what I would say like how I would communicate because I don't want them to
communicate because I don't want them to
communicate because I don't want them to feel that they're not enough and like I
feel that they're not enough and like I
feel that they're not enough and like I don't know. And so we thought about it
don't know. And so we thought about it
don't know. And so we thought about it and I have a really good friend. I don't
and I have a really good friend. I don't
and I have a really good friend. I don't know if you know him. You might. He
know if you know him. You might. He
know if you know him. You might. He lives in LA. In Q the poet in Q.
lives in LA. In Q the poet in Q.
lives in LA. In Q the poet in Q. >> I know who he is. I don't actually know
>> I know who he is. I don't actually know
>> I know who he is. I don't actually know him myself. Okay. He's an amazing man.
him myself. Okay. He's an amazing man.
him myself. Okay. He's an amazing man. His name is Adam. Real name Adam. And I
His name is Adam. Real name Adam. And I
His name is Adam. Real name Adam. And I went to Adam and I was like, I need you.
went to Adam and I was like, I need you.
went to Adam and I was like, I need you. You're the best person I've ever, you
You're the best person I've ever, you
You're the best person I've ever, you know, heard words from. I need you to
know, heard words from. I need you to
know, heard words from. I need you to figure out a way that something that we
figure out a way that something that we
figure out a way that something that we could write that in the packaging we
could write that in the packaging we
could write that in the packaging we could hand with the bracelet that would
could hand with the bracelet that would
could hand with the bracelet that would tell someone why they're getting it. And
tell someone why they're getting it. And
tell someone why they're getting it. And so inside the box is this poem that he
so inside the box is this poem that he
so inside the box is this poem that he wrote. And I'll I'll read it to you real
wrote. And I'll I'll read it to you real
wrote. And I'll I'll read it to you real quick. Um, and then there's also an
quick. Um, and then there's also an
quick. Um, and then there's also an envelope that you can give to someone
envelope that you can give to someone
envelope that you can give to someone with a bracelet. So the ritual is when
with a bracelet. So the ritual is when
with a bracelet. So the ritual is when you get them is you ask someone to open
you get them is you ask someone to open
you get them is you ask someone to open their palms and then you slide it on and
their palms and then you slide it on and
their palms and then you slide it on and then you read them this poem. So I'll
then you read them this poem. So I'll
then you read them this poem. So I'll read it to you. Dear Gabby, I see you.
read it to you. Dear Gabby, I see you.
read it to you. Dear Gabby, I see you. The you behind the you. Not for anything
The you behind the you. Not for anything
The you behind the you. Not for anything you've done or anything you're going to
you've done or anything you're going to
you've done or anything you're going to do. I don't stop to say it enough, but I
do. I don't stop to say it enough, but I
do. I don't stop to say it enough, but I believe in you. And if you could see
believe in you. And if you could see
believe in you. And if you could see yourself from my view, you'd believe it,
yourself from my view, you'd believe it,
yourself from my view, you'd believe it, too. That's why I'm giving you the gift
too. That's why I'm giving you the gift
too. That's why I'm giving you the gift that I'm receiving, too. A message to
that I'm receiving, too. A message to
that I'm receiving, too. A message to remind you when you're lost or feeling
remind you when you're lost or feeling
remind you when you're lost or feeling blue. A mantra to repeat when times are
blue. A mantra to repeat when times are
blue. A mantra to repeat when times are tough. Because no matter who we are, we
tough. Because no matter who we are, we
tough. Because no matter who we are, we are always enough.
are always enough.
are always enough. >> It's a silent prayer I'm sending for the
>> It's a silent prayer I'm sending for the
>> It's a silent prayer I'm sending for the world's mental health. I wear wear this
world's mental health. I wear wear this
world's mental health. I wear wear this symbol for myself and now as a bond to
symbol for myself and now as a bond to
symbol for myself and now as a bond to someone else. It's a blessing and a
someone else. It's a blessing and a
someone else. It's a blessing and a gentle push to never give up because no
gentle push to never give up because no
gentle push to never give up because no matter who you are, you are enough.
matter who you are, you are enough.
matter who you are, you are enough. Isn't that great?
Isn't that great?
Isn't that great? >> Yeah. Gorgeous.
>> Yeah. Gorgeous.
>> Yeah. Gorgeous. >> Yeah. He did such a good job. I mean,
>> Yeah. He did such a good job. I mean,
>> Yeah. He did such a good job. I mean, he's just such a master. This podcast
he's just such a master. This podcast
he's just such a master. This podcast [music] is brought to you by Timeline. I
[music] is brought to you by Timeline. I
[music] is brought to you by Timeline. I love Timeline. I have been using their
love Timeline. I have been using their
love Timeline. I have been using their uroliththna products for over 5 years.
uroliththna products for over 5 years.
uroliththna products for over 5 years. I'm excited to share with you their
I'm excited to share with you their
I'm excited to share with you their January 2026 incredible offer and
January 2026 incredible offer and
January 2026 incredible offer and wonderful new product, their Mitapure
wonderful new product, their Mitapure
wonderful new product, their Mitapure gummies. These are the first ever
gummies. These are the first ever
gummies. These are the first ever longevity gummies that support your
longevity gummies that support your
longevity gummies that support your cellular energy so you feel strong,
cellular energy so you feel strong,
cellular energy so you feel strong, clear, and vibrant all year long. It's
clear, and vibrant all year long. It's
clear, and vibrant all year long. It's January. I know you're motivated. I'm
January. I know you're motivated. I'm
January. I know you're motivated. I'm motivated. So whether we're kicking off
motivated. So whether we're kicking off
motivated. So whether we're kicking off or we're keep going, these are for you.
or we're keep going, these are for you.
or we're keep going, these are for you. These are the only clinically proven
These are the only clinically proven
These are the only clinically proven uriththna gummy that helps renew your
uriththna gummy that helps renew your
uriththna gummy that helps renew your cell's powerhouses, your mitochondria.
cell's powerhouses, your mitochondria.
cell's powerhouses, your mitochondria. So you can show up your best no matter
So you can show up your best no matter
So you can show up your best no matter what decade you're in. Believe me, I
what decade you're in. Believe me, I
what decade you're in. Believe me, I know. I just had a birthday. So it helps
know. I just had a birthday. So it helps
know. I just had a birthday. So it helps with general wellness, your fitness. You
with general wellness, your fitness. You
with general wellness, your fitness. You know, you can't always out train
know, you can't always out train
know, you can't always out train sluggish energy. So this gives you
sluggish energy. So this gives you
sluggish energy. So this gives you better recovery. And that starts at the
better recovery. And that starts at the
better recovery. And that starts at the cellular level for longevity. That
cellular level for longevity. That
cellular level for longevity. That doesn't always have to be so
doesn't always have to be so
doesn't always have to be so complicated. It can just start with one
complicated. It can just start with one
complicated. It can just start with one daily habit. So let's talk about
daily habit. So let's talk about
daily habit. So let's talk about cellular energy because that's what this
cellular energy because that's what this
cellular energy because that's what this is really about. It gives your cells
is really about. It gives your cells
is really about. It gives your cells more power to fuel your day. supports
more power to fuel your day. supports
more power to fuel your day. supports steady, sustained energy. Helps your
steady, sustained energy. Helps your
steady, sustained energy. Helps your body turn stress into usable energy. Who
body turn stress into usable energy. Who
body turn stress into usable energy. Who doesn't need that? And even strength. It
doesn't need that? And even strength. It
doesn't need that? And even strength. It is clinically shown to support muscle
is clinically shown to support muscle
is clinically shown to support muscle strength and function. So, really good
strength and function. So, really good
strength and function. So, really good for healthy aging. And it is the number
for healthy aging. And it is the number
for healthy aging. And it is the number one doctor recommended urolithna
one doctor recommended urolithna
one doctor recommended urolithna supplement out on the market. They're
supplement out on the market. They're
supplement out on the market. They're vegan, gluten-free, non-GMO, sugarf
vegan, gluten-free, non-GMO, sugarf
vegan, gluten-free, non-GMO, sugarf free, and allergen free. They're clean
free, and allergen free. They're clean
free, and allergen free. They're clean label project and NSF certified. So,
label project and NSF certified. So,
label project and NSF certified. So, they thought about it all. So easy to
they thought about it all. So easy to
they thought about it all. So easy to use. I keep mine on the counter. It's
use. I keep mine on the counter. It's
use. I keep mine on the counter. It's not another pill to take. I just pop a
not another pill to take. I just pop a
not another pill to take. I just pop a gummy and I'm good to go. So, you can
gummy and I'm good to go. So, you can
gummy and I'm good to go. So, you can think of this as charging your internal
think of this as charging your internal
think of this as charging your internal batteries, but every day. So, it's just
batteries, but every day. So, it's just
batteries, but every day. So, it's just a fact of science. As you get older,
a fact of science. As you get older,
a fact of science. As you get older, it's harder to keep muscle. This
it's harder to keep muscle. This
it's harder to keep muscle. This supports that and your body does make
supports that and your body does make
supports that and your body does make less energy. So, if you're looking for
less energy. So, if you're looking for
less energy. So, if you're looking for this, they have an incredible offer.
this, they have an incredible offer.
this, they have an incredible offer. Don't let it go. Not another year going
Don't let it go. Not another year going
Don't let it go. Not another year going feeling less than your best. Grab 35%
feeling less than your best. Grab 35%
feeling less than your best. Grab 35% off your one month subscription of
off your one month subscription of
off your one month subscription of Mitaper Gummies at timeline.com/gaby35.
That's timeline.com/gaby35.
That's timeline.com/gaby35. t i m e l i ne.com/gaby35
while the offer still lasts. I think a
while the offer still lasts. I think a lot of people experience versions of
lot of people experience versions of
lot of people experience versions of what you're talking about. But obviously
what you're talking about. But obviously
what you're talking about. But obviously it can show up differently for
it can show up differently for
it can show up differently for everybody. But what if I was just
everybody. But what if I was just
everybody. But what if I was just thinking about like if I was in a
thinking about like if I was in a
thinking about like if I was in a partnership with somebody that was going
partnership with somebody that was going
partnership with somebody that was going through this. If someone's listening to
through this. If someone's listening to
through this. If someone's listening to this and maybe it's not them directly,
this and maybe it's not them directly,
this and maybe it's not them directly, but they are with somebody or they have
but they are with somebody or they have
but they are with somebody or they have a friend, what does anything show up for
a friend, what does anything show up for
a friend, what does anything show up for you that is a way that they could be
you that is a way that they could be
you that is a way that they could be supportive? Because listen, we can't
supportive? Because listen, we can't
supportive? Because listen, we can't save anyone, right? Like it's on us to
save anyone, right? Like it's on us to
save anyone, right? Like it's on us to do it. But it you definitely like I'll
do it. But it you definitely like I'll
do it. But it you definitely like I'll give you an example. I'm hyper I'm hyper
give you an example. I'm hyper I'm hyper
give you an example. I'm hyper I'm hyper vigilant. Like I I've really mellowed
vigilant. Like I I've really mellowed
vigilant. Like I I've really mellowed out. I mean, you know, it's you know
out. I mean, you know, it's you know
out. I mean, you know, it's you know when you you start learning lessons um
when you you start learning lessons um
when you you start learning lessons um and you think and now I'm like I'll be
and you think and now I'm like I'll be
and you think and now I'm like I'll be you know 56 in, you know, a couple weeks
you know 56 in, you know, a couple weeks
you know 56 in, you know, a couple weeks and I'm like you know maybe a couple
and I'm like you know maybe a couple
and I'm like you know maybe a couple years ago I thought to myself, you know,
years ago I thought to myself, you know,
years ago I thought to myself, you know, all these lessons like if they're not in
all these lessons like if they're not in
all these lessons like if they're not in play now, like I'm not really sure when
play now, like I'm not really sure when
play now, like I'm not really sure when they're going to be in play. And so I I
they're going to be in play. And so I I
they're going to be in play. And so I I really uh learned to to chill out
really uh learned to to chill out
really uh learned to to chill out because hyper vigilance was a reaction
because hyper vigilance was a reaction
because hyper vigilance was a reaction to my childhood, right? And so
to my childhood, right? And so
to my childhood, right? And so >> one thing that Lar and Lar is a good
>> one thing that Lar and Lar is a good
>> one thing that Lar and Lar is a good partner for me because he has a lot of
partner for me because he has a lot of
partner for me because he has a lot of faith. He it he's not scared in the ways
faith. He it he's not scared in the ways
faith. He it he's not scared in the ways that I have things. And um he'll say to
that I have things. And um he'll say to
that I have things. And um he'll say to me sometimes, you know, Gabby um
me sometimes, you know, Gabby um
me sometimes, you know, Gabby um everything's going to be okay. And he's
everything's going to be okay. And he's
everything's going to be okay. And he's like, and it is okay. M
like, and it is okay. M
like, and it is okay. M >> and it puts me back into yeah,
>> and it puts me back into yeah,
>> and it puts me back into yeah, >> you know, like Byron Katy calls it past
>> you know, like Byron Katy calls it past
>> you know, like Byron Katy calls it past futureing. I, you know, I love that,
futureing. I, you know, I love that,
futureing. I, you know, I love that, >> you know, stop doing that. And and for
>> you know, stop doing that. And and for
>> you know, stop doing that. And and for other people, it's like, hey, be present
other people, it's like, hey, be present
other people, it's like, hey, be present and don't react to what's happened and
and don't react to what's happened and
and don't react to what's happened and all those things, but sometimes it's a
all those things, but sometimes it's a
all those things, but sometimes it's a hand on my arm and it's like, hey,
hand on my arm and it's like, hey,
hand on my arm and it's like, hey, Gabby, you know, everything's going to
Gabby, you know, everything's going to
Gabby, you know, everything's going to be okay. And it is okay. It it would
be okay. And it is okay. It it would
be okay. And it is okay. It it would there be something based on what you
there be something based on what you
there be something based on what you experienced that I know going to the
experienced that I know going to the
experienced that I know going to the therapist was helpful in going through
therapist was helpful in going through
therapist was helpful in going through that process.
that process.
that process. >> Sure. that someone could have shown up
>> Sure. that someone could have shown up
>> Sure. that someone could have shown up for you and it's not a blame game
for you and it's not a blame game
for you and it's not a blame game because we only get educated when we go
because we only get educated when we go
because we only get educated when we go through it.
through it.
through it. >> Sure.
>> Sure.
>> Sure. >> That could have been like, "Hey, you
>> That could have been like, "Hey, you
>> That could have been like, "Hey, you know, Blake, I love you and I I'm here
know, Blake, I love you and I I'm here
know, Blake, I love you and I I'm here for you while you go through this, but
for you while you go through this, but
for you while you go through this, but like would there have been a way to
like would there have been a way to
like would there have been a way to really show up for you?" I I think that,
really show up for you?" I I think that,
really show up for you?" I I think that, you know, now knowing what I know, I
you know, now knowing what I know, I
you know, now knowing what I know, I think
think
think someone could have said to me, Blake,
someone could have said to me, Blake,
someone could have said to me, Blake, you're enough. It's good.
you're enough. It's good.
you're enough. It's good. >> I kind of like what Lar says to you.
>> I kind of like what Lar says to you.
>> I kind of like what Lar says to you. >> It's already okay. Like, stop chasing,
>> It's already okay. Like, stop chasing,
>> It's already okay. Like, stop chasing, you know, stop trying to achieve the
you know, stop trying to achieve the
you know, stop trying to achieve the next thing. Like, you've done enough.
next thing. Like, you've done enough.
next thing. Like, you've done enough. you are enough and and and you're a good
you are enough and and and you're a good
you are enough and and and you're a good enough dad and you're a good enough
enough dad and you're a good enough
enough dad and you're a good enough partner and and and and
partner and and and and
partner and and and and it would encourage me to do the inner
it would encourage me to do the inner
it would encourage me to do the inner work to feel and to learn how to feel
work to feel and to learn how to feel
work to feel and to learn how to feel that myself, you know, cuz I think if
that myself, you know, cuz I think if
that myself, you know, cuz I think if someone could have directed me more
someone could have directed me more
someone could have directed me more internally, then I wouldn't have
internally, then I wouldn't have
internally, then I wouldn't have maybe made such a mess of my personal
maybe made such a mess of my personal
maybe made such a mess of my personal life and other life just trying to do
life and other life just trying to do
life and other life just trying to do things externally to feel better. You
things externally to feel better. You
things externally to feel better. You know, I think I think that's one of the
know, I think I think that's one of the
know, I think I think that's one of the great gifts we can give each other when
great gifts we can give each other when
great gifts we can give each other when we see someone struggling is to, you
we see someone struggling is to, you
we see someone struggling is to, you know, recognize it in a way that doesn't
know, recognize it in a way that doesn't
know, recognize it in a way that doesn't make them feel bad or shameful, you
make them feel bad or shameful, you
make them feel bad or shameful, you know, and and to also to to normalize it
know, and and to also to to normalize it
know, and and to also to to normalize it like this human journey. I mean, this is
like this human journey. I mean, this is
like this human journey. I mean, this is part of it, you know, and some of us
part of it, you know, and some of us
part of it, you know, and some of us maybe experience it in greater extremes,
maybe experience it in greater extremes,
maybe experience it in greater extremes, but my life has always been extreme. So,
but my life has always been extreme. So,
but my life has always been extreme. So, it's not it's actually not surprising
it's not it's actually not surprising
it's not it's actually not surprising that the low is as low as it got because
that the low is as low as it got because
that the low is as low as it got because I've also had some incredible highs. And
I've also had some incredible highs. And
I've also had some incredible highs. And not everyone's going to have that
not everyone's going to have that
not everyone's going to have that extreme. But, I think I love doing this
extreme. But, I think I love doing this
extreme. But, I think I love doing this now. I I now that I'm so aware of this
now. I I now that I'm so aware of this
now. I I now that I'm so aware of this and this is my life's work, I love
and this is my life's work, I love
and this is my life's work, I love getting to talk to someone and just
getting to talk to someone and just
getting to talk to someone and just really say, "When when was the last time
really say, "When when was the last time
really say, "When when was the last time you did not feel enough?" and and what
you did not feel enough?" and and what
you did not feel enough?" and and what what caused that? What triggered that?
what caused that? What triggered that?
what caused that? What triggered that? Was that a person? Was that a situation?
Was that a person? Was that a situation?
Was that a person? Was that a situation? Because then you start looking at these
Because then you start looking at these
Because then you start looking at these patterns.
patterns.
patterns. And once you recognize the patterns,
And once you recognize the patterns,
And once you recognize the patterns, like every time I'm with Sally, I don't
like every time I'm with Sally, I don't
like every time I'm with Sally, I don't feel enough. Well, then maybe you don't
feel enough. Well, then maybe you don't
feel enough. Well, then maybe you don't spend so much time with Sally, you know,
spend so much time with Sally, you know,
spend so much time with Sally, you know, or you know, every time that, you know,
or you know, every time that, you know,
or you know, every time that, you know, I, you know, something with work. Well,
I, you know, something with work. Well,
I, you know, something with work. Well, is that the right job to be in? Is that
is that the right job to be in? Is that
is that the right job to be in? Is that the healthiest environment? I mean,
the healthiest environment? I mean,
the healthiest environment? I mean, sometimes you have to make hard changes
sometimes you have to make hard changes
sometimes you have to make hard changes in your life if if if if something is
in your life if if if if something is
in your life if if if if something is continually triggering you this this
continually triggering you this this
continually triggering you this this potential wound. And so, I like to sit
potential wound. And so, I like to sit
potential wound. And so, I like to sit with people and really do kind of like
with people and really do kind of like
with people and really do kind of like um a life inventory of, you know, if
um a life inventory of, you know, if
um a life inventory of, you know, if they are struggling with this um or even
they are struggling with this um or even
they are struggling with this um or even if they're not struggling with not
if they're not struggling with not
if they're not struggling with not feeling enough, they're just struggling,
feeling enough, they're just struggling,
feeling enough, they're just struggling, you know, being depressed or feeling
you know, being depressed or feeling
you know, being depressed or feeling stuck. You know, I really love sitting
stuck. You know, I really love sitting
stuck. You know, I really love sitting with people and just holding space for
with people and just holding space for
with people and just holding space for them and just saying, "Okay, let's talk
them and just saying, "Okay, let's talk
them and just saying, "Okay, let's talk about the the five closest people to
about the the five closest people to
about the the five closest people to you. Let's talk about how you spend most
you. Let's talk about how you spend most
you. Let's talk about how you spend most of your time. Let's talk, you know, and
of your time. Let's talk, you know, and
of your time. Let's talk, you know, and just these basic things." Because
just these basic things." Because
just these basic things." Because sometimes we just don't slow down to
sometimes we just don't slow down to
sometimes we just don't slow down to look at things that are the most
look at things that are the most
look at things that are the most obvious,
obvious,
obvious, >> right? And you you mentioned earlier
>> right? And you you mentioned earlier
>> right? And you you mentioned earlier like it feels and I mean obviously it's
like it feels and I mean obviously it's
like it feels and I mean obviously it's so easy to point to technology as um
so easy to point to technology as um
so easy to point to technology as um okay so there's more discussion around
okay so there's more discussion around
okay so there's more discussion around mental health. Um,
mental health. Um,
mental health. Um, I I'm in this weird middle place
I I'm in this weird middle place
I I'm in this weird middle place sometimes where I'm like, "Hey, life is
sometimes where I'm like, "Hey, life is
sometimes where I'm like, "Hey, life is hard. Being a human has a lot of
hard. Being a human has a lot of
hard. Being a human has a lot of biological
biological
biological um mismatches in the way that we live."
um mismatches in the way that we live."
um mismatches in the way that we live." And so instead of telling people like I
And so instead of telling people like I
And so instead of telling people like I always think we sell people a bill of
always think we sell people a bill of
always think we sell people a bill of goods like, "Oh, you're supposed to feel
goods like, "Oh, you're supposed to feel
goods like, "Oh, you're supposed to feel good and happy." I'm like actually I
good and happy." I'm like actually I
good and happy." I'm like actually I think by nature we don't feel good and
think by nature we don't feel good and
think by nature we don't feel good and it's our job to work to figure out the
it's our job to work to figure out the
it's our job to work to figure out the environments, the people, all the things
environments, the people, all the things
environments, the people, all the things that we need to feel pretty good now and
that we need to feel pretty good now and
that we need to feel pretty good now and again.
again.
again. >> I think we when someone it's like
>> I think we when someone it's like
>> I think we when someone it's like nothing's wrong with you when you feel
nothing's wrong with you when you feel
nothing's wrong with you when you feel bad. You're actually just a human being
bad. You're actually just a human being
bad. You're actually just a human being and like it's this job uh you know to
and like it's this job uh you know to
and like it's this job uh you know to get out of bed and go all right what's
get out of bed and go all right what's
get out of bed and go all right what's my strategy to like feel pretty good
my strategy to like feel pretty good
my strategy to like feel pretty good today right?
today right?
today right? >> Totally. And and I think sometimes
>> Totally. And and I think sometimes
>> Totally. And and I think sometimes people go, "Something's wrong with me."
people go, "Something's wrong with me."
people go, "Something's wrong with me." It's like, "Actually, no, there's
It's like, "Actually, no, there's
It's like, "Actually, no, there's nothing wrong with you." Um, so I float
nothing wrong with you." Um, so I float
nothing wrong with you." Um, so I float between that and I'm I'm glad young
between that and I'm I'm glad young
between that and I'm I'm glad young people, you know, I have three
people, you know, I have three
people, you know, I have three daughters. My youngest daughter is 17.
daughters. My youngest daughter is 17.
daughters. My youngest daughter is 17. So
So
So >> Oh, man. I can't believe that. Like last
>> Oh, man. I can't believe that. Like last
>> Oh, man. I can't believe that. Like last time I was at the pool, they were like
time I was at the pool, they were like
time I was at the pool, they were like little kids.
little kids.
little kids. >> Oh yeah. No.
>> Oh yeah. No.
>> Oh yeah. No. >> I mean, oh my gosh.
>> I mean, oh my gosh.
>> I mean, oh my gosh. >> These are these are these are these are
>> These are these are these are these are
>> These are these are these are these are young women now.
young women now.
young women now. >> Yeah. Wow. I mean, I'm almost 50, so
>> Yeah. Wow. I mean, I'm almost 50, so
>> Yeah. Wow. I mean, I'm almost 50, so yeah. Like that's it's a lot's changed.
yeah. Like that's it's a lot's changed.
yeah. Like that's it's a lot's changed. >> Yeah. And and it's interesting because I
>> Yeah. And and it's interesting because I
>> Yeah. And and it's interesting because I then have been informed through their
then have been informed through their
then have been informed through their generation about words like trauma,
generation about words like trauma,
generation about words like trauma, trigger, all this stuff where I'm like,
trigger, all this stuff where I'm like,
trigger, all this stuff where I'm like, "Hey everybody, let's not get so crazy."
"Hey everybody, let's not get so crazy."
"Hey everybody, let's not get so crazy." >> Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. >> Because life is hard. You know this.
>> Because life is hard. You know this.
>> Because life is hard. You know this. You've been in a competitive environment
You've been in a competitive environment
You've been in a competitive environment in sport, in work. And in a way,
in sport, in work. And in a way,
in sport, in work. And in a way, >> it's like how do we bridge Yes. It's
>> it's like how do we bridge Yes. It's
>> it's like how do we bridge Yes. It's great. Let's talk this. I like um with
great. Let's talk this. I like um with
great. Let's talk this. I like um with this also is just kind of the hard part
this also is just kind of the hard part
this also is just kind of the hard part of of life. We sometimes when you talk
of of life. We sometimes when you talk
of of life. We sometimes when you talk to people is there conversation around
to people is there conversation around
to people is there conversation around kind of helping people hold space for
kind of helping people hold space for
kind of helping people hold space for both ideas?
both ideas?
both ideas? >> Uh for sure. And I'm so glad you brought
>> Uh for sure. And I'm so glad you brought
>> Uh for sure. And I'm so glad you brought that up because as an athlete and you
that up because as an athlete and you
that up because as an athlete and you know as an entrepreneur I mean I had
know as an entrepreneur I mean I had
know as an entrepreneur I mean I had many many setbacks. I had many, many
many many setbacks. I had many, many
many many setbacks. I had many, many lonely, you know, freaking out nights
lonely, you know, freaking out nights
lonely, you know, freaking out nights making cash flow. And I mean that life
making cash flow. And I mean that life
making cash flow. And I mean that life is hard. Starting a business is hard.
is hard. Starting a business is hard.
is hard. Starting a business is hard. Being married is hard. I mean, those are
Being married is hard. I mean, those are
Being married is hard. I mean, those are those are all just real parts of life.
those are all just real parts of life.
those are all just real parts of life. And that is separate, I think, than when
And that is separate, I think, than when
And that is separate, I think, than when someone is waking up at 3:00 a.m. every
someone is waking up at 3:00 a.m. every
someone is waking up at 3:00 a.m. every day with chronic anxiety or, you know,
day with chronic anxiety or, you know,
day with chronic anxiety or, you know, they're having very scary thoughts or
they're having very scary thoughts or
they're having very scary thoughts or they go from loving surfing to not even
they go from loving surfing to not even
they go from loving surfing to not even enjoying, you know, Kelly Slater's wave
enjoying, you know, Kelly Slater's wave
enjoying, you know, Kelly Slater's wave poolool. Like, I mean, that happened to
poolool. Like, I mean, that happened to
poolool. Like, I mean, that happened to me. Like, I mean, literally, that I
me. Like, I mean, literally, that I
me. Like, I mean, literally, that I think is one of the greatest places on
think is one of the greatest places on
think is one of the greatest places on the planet. I'm in a barrel, I pull out,
the planet. I'm in a barrel, I pull out,
the planet. I'm in a barrel, I pull out, and I'm emotionally flat. I mean, that's
and I'm emotionally flat. I mean, that's
and I'm emotionally flat. I mean, that's when I knew I was like, I have to get
when I knew I was like, I have to get
when I knew I was like, I have to get real help, you know, but I mean, my
real help, you know, but I mean, my
real help, you know, but I mean, my point is is I think it's important to
point is is I think it's important to
point is is I think it's important to differentiate and I'm so glad you
differentiate and I'm so glad you
differentiate and I'm so glad you brought that up.
brought that up.
brought that up. >> Um, and it's, you know, it's a little
>> Um, and it's, you know, it's a little
>> Um, and it's, you know, it's a little bit different for everyone and, um,
bit different for everyone and, um,
bit different for everyone and, um, that's why, you know, we, you know, are
that's why, you know, we, you know, are
that's why, you know, we, you know, are supporting all these amazing mental
supporting all these amazing mental
supporting all these amazing mental health organizations because it takes,
health organizations because it takes,
health organizations because it takes, you know, it takes some different
you know, it takes some different
you know, it takes some different resources that we didn't have to to help
resources that we didn't have to to help
resources that we didn't have to to help people with this. And, you know, you
people with this. And, you know, you
people with this. And, you know, you mentioned technology. It's interesting.
mentioned technology. It's interesting.
mentioned technology. It's interesting. During my depression, I was completely
During my depression, I was completely
During my depression, I was completely off social media. I didn't have any
off social media. I didn't have any
off social media. I didn't have any interest. Um, and I didn't do social, I
interest. Um, and I didn't do social, I
interest. Um, and I didn't do social, I think, for over three years, maybe four
think, for over three years, maybe four
think, for over three years, maybe four years. And then once I started feeling
years. And then once I started feeling
years. And then once I started feeling better and really started some things
better and really started some things
better and really started some things started clicking, you know, well before
started clicking, you know, well before
started clicking, you know, well before launching enough, I was like, I I kind
launching enough, I was like, I I kind
launching enough, I was like, I I kind of feel like I owe it to people to share
of feel like I owe it to people to share
of feel like I owe it to people to share what happened and what I learned and and
what happened and what I learned and and
what happened and what I learned and and that's why, you know, I'm getting ready
that's why, you know, I'm getting ready
that's why, you know, I'm getting ready to launch a podcast myself called No
to launch a podcast myself called No
to launch a podcast myself called No Magic Pill that's all about mental
Magic Pill that's all about mental
Magic Pill that's all about mental wellness and and but I I bring this up
wellness and and but I I bring this up
wellness and and but I I bring this up about technology because I have found
about technology because I have found
about technology because I have found like I know social media gets such a bad
like I know social media gets such a bad
like I know social media gets such a bad But I have found that it has been a part
But I have found that it has been a part
But I have found that it has been a part of my healing journey being able to
of my healing journey being able to
of my healing journey being able to share with people, hear people's stories
share with people, hear people's stories
share with people, hear people's stories back, you know, feeling a sense of, you
back, you know, feeling a sense of, you
back, you know, feeling a sense of, you know, community. And I think it is a I
know, community. And I think it is a I
know, community. And I think it is a I think it can be a real community when
think it can be a real community when
think it can be a real community when done with intentionality and done in
done with intentionality and done in
done with intentionality and done in moderation. And so everyone says like,
moderation. And so everyone says like,
moderation. And so everyone says like, "Oh my gosh, social media is causing all
"Oh my gosh, social media is causing all
"Oh my gosh, social media is causing all this mental health issues." I think
this mental health issues." I think
this mental health issues." I think that's partially true. And I believe
that's partially true. And I believe
that's partially true. And I believe that technology and social media used
that technology and social media used
that technology and social media used the right way can can help encourage
the right way can can help encourage
the right way can can help encourage each other and hold each other
each other and hold each other
each other and hold each other accountable and and things like that.
accountable and and things like that.
accountable and and things like that. So, um because I've been on social media
So, um because I've been on social media
So, um because I've been on social media now for what maybe six months and it has
now for what maybe six months and it has
now for what maybe six months and it has been helpful. Like I had a really really
been helpful. Like I had a really really
been helpful. Like I had a really really hard day the other day that actually
hard day the other day that actually
hard day the other day that actually felt like I was slipping back into the
felt like I was slipping back into the
felt like I was slipping back into the depression. It was so weird. And I woke
depression. It was so weird. And I woke
depression. It was so weird. And I woke up and I was just not good. And it was
up and I was just not good. And it was
up and I was just not good. And it was like all these like these insecure
like all these like these insecure
like all these like these insecure thoughts and anxiety and you know felt
thoughts and anxiety and you know felt
thoughts and anxiety and you know felt so tired I couldn't work and and I just
so tired I couldn't work and and I just
so tired I couldn't work and and I just was really honest about it and I got the
was really honest about it and I got the
was really honest about it and I got the most incredible responses and support
most incredible responses and support
most incredible responses and support from people that I know some people that
from people that I know some people that
from people that I know some people that I don't know and what was so cool is the
I don't know and what was so cool is the
I don't know and what was so cool is the next day I felt great and I realized it
next day I felt great and I realized it
next day I felt great and I realized it wasn't because of the comments. It was
wasn't because of the comments. It was
wasn't because of the comments. It was actually I had horrible jet lag. And jet
actually I had horrible jet lag. And jet
actually I had horrible jet lag. And jet lag for someone who's gone through that
lag for someone who's gone through that
lag for someone who's gone through that is kind of if you've never been through
is kind of if you've never been through
is kind of if you've never been through depression, think of the worst jet lag
depression, think of the worst jet lag
depression, think of the worst jet lag ever. And that's kind of what every day
ever. And that's kind of what every day
ever. And that's kind of what every day feels like when you're depressed,
feels like when you're depressed,
feels like when you're depressed, >> right?
>> right?
>> right? >> And so the jet lag created a PTSD
>> And so the jet lag created a PTSD
>> And so the jet lag created a PTSD response of, "Oh my god, you're going to
response of, "Oh my god, you're going to
response of, "Oh my god, you're going to be depressed again." But because I
be depressed again." But because I
be depressed again." But because I experienced that and I figured it out,
experienced that and I figured it out,
experienced that and I figured it out, the next day I went on social and posted
the next day I went on social and posted
the next day I went on social and posted what I learned. And so many people were
what I learned. And so many people were
what I learned. And so many people were like, "Wow, like that makes so much
like, "Wow, like that makes so much
like, "Wow, like that makes so much sense. like I have had some of my worst
sense. like I have had some of my worst
sense. like I have had some of my worst experiences after traveling and it's
experiences after traveling and it's
experiences after traveling and it's really scary if you've had mental
really scary if you've had mental
really scary if you've had mental illness in the past. So, so I think
illness in the past. So, so I think
illness in the past. So, so I think social media and technology can really
social media and technology can really
social media and technology can really help um if done if used properly. Do you
help um if done if used properly. Do you
help um if done if used properly. Do you think, and I know it's still new, but do
think, and I know it's still new, but do
think, and I know it's still new, but do you feel
you feel
you feel that uh it's like I have friends, you
that uh it's like I have friends, you
that uh it's like I have friends, you know, that have recovered from cancer
know, that have recovered from cancer
know, that have recovered from cancer and then, you know, something comes up
and then, you know, something comes up
and then, you know, something comes up and their first thought is like, uh, you
and their first thought is like, uh, you
and their first thought is like, uh, you know, oh no. And
know, oh no. And
know, oh no. And >> oh no. Yeah.
>> oh no. Yeah.
>> oh no. Yeah. >> Are have you been able to release
>> Are have you been able to release
>> Are have you been able to release yourself from the idea? Because
yourself from the idea? Because
yourself from the idea? Because sometimes maybe when you could go
sometimes maybe when you could go
sometimes maybe when you could go through something like this, it would be
through something like this, it would be
through something like this, it would be easy to kind of think, well, that's what
easy to kind of think, well, that's what
easy to kind of think, well, that's what kind of person I am.
kind of person I am.
kind of person I am. >> Um, versus, oh, I I have gone through
>> Um, versus, oh, I I have gone through
>> Um, versus, oh, I I have gone through that. I have healed myself. I have tools
that. I have healed myself. I have tools
that. I have healed myself. I have tools now. Are you able to to sort of, you
now. Are you able to to sort of, you
now. Are you able to to sort of, you know, kind of re label or actually
know, kind of re label or actually
know, kind of re label or actually non-label yourself now?
non-label yourself now?
non-label yourself now? >> Yes and no. I would say 90% of the time
>> Yes and no. I would say 90% of the time
>> Yes and no. I would say 90% of the time I if I start feeling anxious or start
I if I start feeling anxious or start
I if I start feeling anxious or start feeling discomfort or start feeling a
feeling discomfort or start feeling a
feeling discomfort or start feeling a little something that reminds me of that
little something that reminds me of that
little something that reminds me of that time, I tell myself what you just said
time, I tell myself what you just said
time, I tell myself what you just said and that is life is hard. It makes sense
and that is life is hard. It makes sense
and that is life is hard. It makes sense that you're anxious. Blake, you're
that you're anxious. Blake, you're
that you're anxious. Blake, you're starting this new mental health
starting this new mental health
starting this new mental health nonprofit. You've invested millions of
nonprofit. You've invested millions of
nonprofit. You've invested millions of dollars in this to help people. You have
dollars in this to help people. You have
dollars in this to help people. You have no idea if anyone's going to buy the
no idea if anyone's going to buy the
no idea if anyone's going to buy the damn bracelet. Like anxiety is normal,
damn bracelet. Like anxiety is normal,
damn bracelet. Like anxiety is normal, you know? Um sleepless nights are
you know? Um sleepless nights are
you know? Um sleepless nights are normal. like don't freak out. So, I'm
normal. like don't freak out. So, I'm
normal. like don't freak out. So, I'm actually It's the funny thing that you
actually It's the funny thing that you
actually It's the funny thing that you brought that up. I'm actually giving
brought that up. I'm actually giving
brought that up. I'm actually giving myself the talk of like Blake, this is
myself the talk of like Blake, this is
myself the talk of like Blake, this is life. This is not depression or anxiety
life. This is not depression or anxiety
life. This is not depression or anxiety a lot now because it is just I'm in a
a lot now because it is just I'm in a
a lot now because it is just I'm in a really kind of exciting but stressful
really kind of exciting but stressful
really kind of exciting but stressful time period right now. You know, my my
time period right now. You know, my my
time period right now. You know, my my kids are 11 and 8 and there's a lot of
kids are 11 and 8 and there's a lot of
kids are 11 and 8 and there's a lot of effort and work and energy and I'm
effort and work and energy and I'm
effort and work and energy and I'm exhausted and that's not me getting
exhausted and that's not me getting
exhausted and that's not me getting depressed. That's just me being
depressed. That's just me being
depressed. That's just me being exhausted. Um so so yes so I am now
exhausted. Um so so yes so I am now
exhausted. Um so so yes so I am now there's 10% of the time or maybe even
there's 10% of the time or maybe even
there's 10% of the time or maybe even 5%. Where like what happened with the
5%. Where like what happened with the
5%. Where like what happened with the jet lag where it feels acute
jet lag where it feels acute
jet lag where it feels acute or I wake up in the middle of the night
or I wake up in the middle of the night
or I wake up in the middle of the night and can't go back to sleep and I
and can't go back to sleep and I
and can't go back to sleep and I remember all those nights that I stayed
remember all those nights that I stayed
remember all those nights that I stayed up all night long
up all night long
up all night long >> and I'm like oh [\h__\h] And then I and
>> and I'm like oh [\h__\h] And then I and
>> and I'm like oh [\h__\h] And then I and then I go to the serious tools like I go
then I go to the serious tools like I go
then I go to the serious tools like I go get my cold plunge. That's been one of
get my cold plunge. That's been one of
get my cold plunge. That's been one of the things that has helped me a lot just
the things that has helped me a lot just
the things that has helped me a lot just kind of reset my nervous system. I'll,
kind of reset my nervous system. I'll,
kind of reset my nervous system. I'll, you know, if if it's in the middle of
you know, if if it's in the middle of
you know, if if it's in the middle of the night, I'll just go do push-ups and
the night, I'll just go do push-ups and
the night, I'll just go do push-ups and sit up like do something physical to get
sit up like do something physical to get
sit up like do something physical to get going. That helps. Um, if it's still
going. That helps. Um, if it's still
going. That helps. Um, if it's still lasting in the morning, I call my best
lasting in the morning, I call my best
lasting in the morning, I call my best friends. I mean, I have a whole series
friends. I mean, I have a whole series
friends. I mean, I have a whole series of things that I do. Um, so yeah. So I I
of things that I do. Um, so yeah. So I I
of things that I do. Um, so yeah. So I I feel like I have healed this, but I also
feel like I have healed this, but I also
feel like I have healed this, but I also feel like, you know, maybe the same way
feel like, you know, maybe the same way
feel like, you know, maybe the same way that someone is a recovering from
that someone is a recovering from
that someone is a recovering from alcohol or drugs or something. I do
alcohol or drugs or something. I do
alcohol or drugs or something. I do think when you have that severe
think when you have that severe
think when you have that severe depression, you're going to kind of
depression, you're going to kind of
depression, you're going to kind of probably always be in some level in
probably always be in some level in
probably always be in some level in recovery. I don't identify with it like
recovery. I don't identify with it like
recovery. I don't identify with it like I'm a I'm a person that struggles with
I'm a I'm a person that struggles with
I'm a I'm a person that struggles with depression anymore. I think actually I'm
depression anymore. I think actually I'm
depression anymore. I think actually I'm one of the most optimistic, positive
one of the most optimistic, positive
one of the most optimistic, positive people in the world and I experience
people in the world and I experience
people in the world and I experience depression just like someone experiences
depression just like someone experiences
depression just like someone experiences a broken leg. and I healed it. And my
a broken leg. and I healed it. And my
a broken leg. and I healed it. And my leg is frankly I feel like my leg or my
leg is frankly I feel like my leg or my
leg is frankly I feel like my leg or my brain in this analogy is stronger than
brain in this analogy is stronger than
brain in this analogy is stronger than ever. But I'm humble enough to know that
ever. But I'm humble enough to know that
ever. But I'm humble enough to know that if I don't do the things, if I don't
if I don't do the things, if I don't
if I don't do the things, if I don't stay connected to those I love, if I'm
stay connected to those I love, if I'm
stay connected to those I love, if I'm not really hyperly viligent about who I
not really hyperly viligent about who I
not really hyperly viligent about who I surround with, if I don't have purpose,
surround with, if I don't have purpose,
surround with, if I don't have purpose, if I don't do all these things, it could
if I don't do all these things, it could
if I don't do all these things, it could come back.
come back.
come back. >> Yeah, I think that's really wise. Do you
>> Yeah, I think that's really wise. Do you
>> Yeah, I think that's really wise. Do you you know, it's funny. I I think um you
you know, it's funny. I I think um you
you know, it's funny. I I think um you know in our in our house uh we we talk
know in our in our house uh we we talk
know in our in our house uh we we talk about like the smaller I am in certain
about like the smaller I am in certain
about like the smaller I am in certain ways
ways
ways the better I am
the better I am
the better I am >> right like there is so there is
>> right like there is so there is
>> right like there is so there is something much greater than I am I am
something much greater than I am I am
something much greater than I am I am >> I'm here to you know yes I have personal
>> I'm here to you know yes I have personal
>> I'm here to you know yes I have personal things that I want to accomplish and
things that I want to accomplish and
things that I want to accomplish and experience but I'm also um equally as of
experience but I'm also um equally as of
experience but I'm also um equally as of service to my family and to my friends
service to my family and to my friends
service to my family and to my friends and in whichever way I can contribute
and in whichever way I can contribute
and in whichever way I can contribute and that really It's funny how that is.
and that really It's funny how that is.
and that really It's funny how that is. It's like, okay, I can stay small, but
It's like, okay, I can stay small, but
It's like, okay, I can stay small, but then somehow that makes me also feel
then somehow that makes me also feel
then somehow that makes me also feel better about myself,
better about myself,
better about myself, >> right? Like that enough part.
>> right? Like that enough part.
>> right? Like that enough part. >> Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. >> Gets really satisfied by being small.
>> Gets really satisfied by being small.
>> Gets really satisfied by being small. >> Yeah. I'm so it's well and also I don't
>> Yeah. I'm so it's well and also I don't
>> Yeah. I'm so it's well and also I don't know if this is the case for you as an
know if this is the case for you as an
know if this is the case for you as an athlete but this is pretty fascinating
athlete but this is pretty fascinating
athlete but this is pretty fascinating around that smallalness or that
around that smallalness or that
around that smallalness or that enoughness actually being um a uh a
enoughness actually being um a uh a
enoughness actually being um a uh a gateway to to kind of freedom and peace
gateway to to kind of freedom and peace
gateway to to kind of freedom and peace because um there's one of our adviserss
because um there's one of our adviserss
because um there's one of our adviserss at enough is a woman named Kristen Nef I
at enough is a woman named Kristen Nef I
at enough is a woman named Kristen Nef I don't know if you know her work she
don't know if you know her work she
don't know if you know her work she wrote a book called self-compassion
wrote a book called self-compassion
wrote a book called self-compassion that's amazing okay good so she's a
that's amazing okay good so she's a
that's amazing okay good so she's a great researcher University of Texas and
great researcher University of Texas and
great researcher University of Texas and so she did a study with the NCAA
so she did a study with the NCAA
so she did a study with the NCAA athletes about self-compassion or
athletes about self-compassion or
athletes about self-compassion or wholeness or enoughness as I would call
wholeness or enoughness as I would call
wholeness or enoughness as I would call it. And she took half the group and let
it. And she took half the group and let
it. And she took half the group and let them just operate as they do and they're
them just operate as they do and they're
them just operate as they do and they're hard charging. They're really hard on
hard charging. They're really hard on
hard charging. They're really hard on themselves and they lose a game. They
themselves and they lose a game. They
themselves and they lose a game. They they work twice as hard if if if
they work twice as hard if if if
they work twice as hard if if if something's not working on the court,
something's not working on the court,
something's not working on the court, you know, etc. And they kind of have an
you know, etc. And they kind of have an
you know, etc. And they kind of have an inner critic, if you will. So, she
inner critic, if you will. So, she
inner critic, if you will. So, she replaced the inner critic with what she
replaced the inner critic with what she
replaced the inner critic with what she calls the inner coach. And the inner
calls the inner coach. And the inner
calls the inner coach. And the inner coach had these positive affirmations
coach had these positive affirmations
coach had these positive affirmations like with you miss a shot say in
like with you miss a shot say in
like with you miss a shot say in volleyball I'm not defined by that
volleyball I'm not defined by that
volleyball I'm not defined by that unforced error you know I am much
unforced error you know I am much
unforced error you know I am much greater than how I performed on the
greater than how I performed on the
greater than how I performed on the court today and so what and so basically
court today and so what and so basically
court today and so what and so basically I am enough as I am what she found was
I am enough as I am what she found was
I am enough as I am what she found was over time those athletes started way
over time those athletes started way
over time those athletes started way outperforming the ones with the hard
outperforming the ones with the hard
outperforming the ones with the hard driving pressure inner critic. Now the
driving pressure inner critic. Now the
driving pressure inner critic. Now the reason that is which is fascinating I
reason that is which is fascinating I
reason that is which is fascinating I think is by reducing that pressure by me
think is by reducing that pressure by me
think is by reducing that pressure by me feeling enough I have less pressure
feeling enough I have less pressure
feeling enough I have less pressure which allows me to enter a flow state
which allows me to enter a flow state
which allows me to enter a flow state and all the science around flow state is
and all the science around flow state is
and all the science around flow state is when an athlete or a business person or
when an athlete or a business person or
when an athlete or a business person or even a mom performs their best because
even a mom performs their best because
even a mom performs their best because they're not they're not they're in the
they're not they're not they're in the
they're not they're not they're in the flow and so one of my really important
flow and so one of my really important
flow and so one of my really important messages around enough especially when I
messages around enough especially when I
messages around enough especially when I speak to student athletes is this is not
speak to student athletes is this is not
speak to student athletes is this is not soft. This is not for mediocre or
soft. This is not for mediocre or
soft. This is not for mediocre or settling. This is a performance hack.
settling. This is a performance hack.
settling. This is a performance hack. Like if you want to be the best, the
Like if you want to be the best, the
Like if you want to be the best, the more you can feel enough outside of your
more you can feel enough outside of your
more you can feel enough outside of your results, the more the pressure goes down
results, the more the pressure goes down
results, the more the pressure goes down and the more you'll perform. And and and
and the more you'll perform. And and and
and the more you'll perform. And and and that's a really important part of this
that's a really important part of this
that's a really important part of this message as well because I think some
message as well because I think some
message as well because I think some people might It's funny. I was telling
people might It's funny. I was telling
people might It's funny. I was telling someone, they go, I don't want to be
someone, they go, I don't want to be
someone, they go, I don't want to be enough. I want to be more than enough.
enough. I want to be more than enough.
enough. I want to be more than enough. And I'm like, I don't know. Let me back
And I'm like, I don't know. Let me back
And I'm like, I don't know. Let me back up the science behind this. And so yeah.
up the science behind this. And so yeah.
up the science behind this. And so yeah. >> Yeah. Because I think that in a way
>> Yeah. Because I think that in a way
>> Yeah. Because I think that in a way being enough like we just talked about
being enough like we just talked about
being enough like we just talked about it swings both ways. So this humility
it swings both ways. So this humility
it swings both ways. So this humility creates an opportunity
creates an opportunity
creates an opportunity >> to really love yourself.
>> to really love yourself.
>> to really love yourself. >> Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. >> Just you not
>> Just you not
>> Just you not >> oh I'm Blake. I do this. I've made this.
>> oh I'm Blake. I do this. I've made this.
>> oh I'm Blake. I do this. I've made this. I'm you know it's like
I'm you know it's like
I'm you know it's like >> it's just me. Just this spirit of me.
>> it's just me. Just this spirit of me.
>> it's just me. Just this spirit of me. And I think to your point it also makes
And I think to your point it also makes
And I think to your point it also makes all the transitions and you're not as
all the transitions and you're not as
all the transitions and you're not as attached to outcome. People like you
attached to outcome. People like you
attached to outcome. People like you don't like you. You know it's like all
don't like you. You know it's like all
don't like you. You know it's like all of that stuff gets so much easier. I
of that stuff gets so much easier. I
of that stuff gets so much easier. I have to tell you something really funny
have to tell you something really funny
have to tell you something really funny since I I have been around you a couple
since I I have been around you a couple
since I I have been around you a couple of times. At the time, it's so funny. It
of times. At the time, it's so funny. It
of times. At the time, it's so funny. It feels very different to me now. That's
feels very different to me now. That's
feels very different to me now. That's why I c I can say it to you.
why I c I can say it to you.
why I c I can say it to you. >> Um your sort of reluctance, you had a
>> Um your sort of reluctance, you had a
>> Um your sort of reluctance, you had a reluctance,
reluctance,
reluctance, >> you know, it like to interact you you
>> you know, it like to interact you you
>> you know, it like to interact you you would because you're polite.
would because you're polite.
would because you're polite. >> Yeah. Yeah,
>> Yeah. Yeah,
>> Yeah. Yeah, >> but because whatever reason and it was
>> but because whatever reason and it was
>> but because whatever reason and it was always that that is one of the I rather
always that that is one of the I rather
always that that is one of the I rather someone who's like in my face and even
someone who's like in my face and even
someone who's like in my face and even like whoa when someone's like reluctant
like whoa when someone's like reluctant
like whoa when someone's like reluctant I'm like what's going on like what's
I'm like what's going on like what's
I'm like what's going on like what's happening you know
happening you know
happening you know >> and it's so interesting because when I
>> and it's so interesting because when I
>> and it's so interesting because when I was going to talk to you today I thought
was going to talk to you today I thought
was going to talk to you today I thought oh that's so interesting because I I
oh that's so interesting because I I
oh that's so interesting because I I personally experienced that
personally experienced that
personally experienced that >> and then seeing I I had you know getting
>> and then seeing I I had you know getting
>> and then seeing I I had you know getting ready for this conversation I I thought
ready for this conversation I I thought
ready for this conversation I I thought oh Blake is is is a little bit
oh Blake is is is a little bit
oh Blake is is is a little bit different. Yeah, I feel I mean totally
different. Yeah, I feel I mean totally
different. Yeah, I feel I mean totally different like I think that reluctance
different like I think that reluctance
different like I think that reluctance and that kind of you know was I I didn't
and that kind of you know was I I didn't
and that kind of you know was I I didn't feel secure in myself like like I needed
feel secure in myself like like I needed
feel secure in myself like like I needed you to like me. I hope you like me but I
you to like me. I hope you like me but I
you to like me. I hope you like me but I don't need you to like me you know and
don't need you to like me you know and
don't need you to like me you know and and it's so it's there's just a a it's a
and it's so it's there's just a a it's a
and it's so it's there's just a a it's a it's it's a it's I say a confidence with
it's it's a it's I say a confidence with
it's it's a it's I say a confidence with a lot of humility that comes from
a lot of humility that comes from
a lot of humility that comes from suffering. So yeah.
suffering. So yeah.
suffering. So yeah. >> Yeah. And I just I bring that up because
>> Yeah. And I just I bring that up because
>> Yeah. And I just I bring that up because I think times a lot of times people if
I think times a lot of times people if
I think times a lot of times people if they come into to situations where they
they come into to situations where they
they come into to situations where they hope someone likes them, it it's so
hope someone likes them, it it's so
hope someone likes them, it it's so important to not care about that because
important to not care about that because
important to not care about that because >> you're not going to control that. And
>> you're not going to control that. And
>> you're not going to control that. And people are always really going to just
people are always really going to just
people are always really going to just like you, the ones that you want to
like you, the ones that you want to
like you, the ones that you want to know.
know.
know. >> Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. >> For being you.
>> For being you.
>> For being you. >> Yeah. I mean, that's the I mean, look,
>> Yeah. I mean, that's the I mean, look,
>> Yeah. I mean, that's the I mean, look, if you think about it, like, and that's
if you think about it, like, and that's
if you think about it, like, and that's I think why this message has been so
I think why this message has been so
I think why this message has been so important for me with my kids. Yeah,
important for me with my kids. Yeah,
important for me with my kids. Yeah, like I think there's been like this has
like I think there's been like this has
like I think there's been like this has been the coolest experience with my kids
been the coolest experience with my kids
been the coolest experience with my kids over this journey. I mean I I it's been
over this journey. I mean I I it's been
over this journey. I mean I I it's been so hard for them seeing me suffering and
so hard for them seeing me suffering and
so hard for them seeing me suffering and and how hard it was that time. I mean
and how hard it was that time. I mean
and how hard it was that time. I mean that breaks my heart and
that breaks my heart and
that breaks my heart and >> and there's been a lot of healing around
>> and there's been a lot of healing around
>> and there's been a lot of healing around that. But for me to be able to explain
that. But for me to be able to explain
that. But for me to be able to explain why I'm feeling better now and that I
why I'm feeling better now and that I
why I'm feeling better now and that I finally realize that I'm enough and
finally realize that I'm enough and
finally realize that I'm enough and they're enough. We do this thing at at
they're enough. We do this thing at at
they're enough. We do this thing at at dinner every night where we hold hands
dinner every night where we hold hands
dinner every night where we hold hands and our prayer is we look at each other
and our prayer is we look at each other
and our prayer is we look at each other in the eye one at a time and we say I am
in the eye one at a time and we say I am
in the eye one at a time and we say I am enough. We look at each other both and
enough. We look at each other both and
enough. We look at each other both and then we say point to each other say you
then we say point to each other say you
then we say point to each other say you are enough and then we say we are enough
are enough and then we say we are enough
are enough and then we say we are enough and it's been the coolest thing. I feel
and it's been the coolest thing. I feel
and it's been the coolest thing. I feel like there's like a lot like the even if
like there's like a lot like the even if
like there's like a lot like the even if like because if you don't feel enough
like because if you don't feel enough
like because if you don't feel enough yourself then you're going to probably
yourself then you're going to probably
yourself then you're going to probably make other people around you not feel
make other people around you not feel
make other people around you not feel enough like even if it's subconscious
enough like even if it's subconscious
enough like even if it's subconscious and while I never felt like I was doing
and while I never felt like I was doing
and while I never felt like I was doing that I feel now my kids are much more
that I feel now my kids are much more
that I feel now my kids are much more relaxed around me and and they're more
relaxed around me and and they're more
relaxed around me and and they're more confident in a way um because I tell
confident in a way um because I tell
confident in a way um because I tell them I'm like it you know you are enough
them I'm like it you know you are enough
them I'm like it you know you are enough no matter what you do no matter what
no matter what you do no matter what
no matter what you do no matter what sport you play no matter what grade you
sport you play no matter what grade you
sport you play no matter what grade you have you know and and I think It's just
have you know and and I think It's just
have you know and and I think It's just I I'm excited. You know, it was
I I'm excited. You know, it was
I I'm excited. You know, it was interesting when I went to my high
interesting when I went to my high
interesting when I went to my high school. Um I I hadn't been there in 30
school. Um I I hadn't been there in 30
school. Um I I hadn't been there in 30 years and so I took some of the bracelet
years and so I took some of the bracelet
years and so I took some of the bracelet boxes and some bracelets and this is,
boxes and some bracelets and this is,
boxes and some bracelets and this is, you know, before we launched and I
you know, before we launched and I
you know, before we launched and I shared it with the kids and and we
shared it with the kids and and we
shared it with the kids and and we talked about it and it was really
talked about it and it was really
talked about it and it was really beautiful and and then they went around
beautiful and and then they went around
beautiful and and then they went around they said who they were going to give
they said who they were going to give
they said who they were going to give their bracelet to, you know, and most of
their bracelet to, you know, and most of
their bracelet to, you know, and most of them were my best friend or there's this
them were my best friend or there's this
them were my best friend or there's this person I know in this class. I think
person I know in this class. I think
person I know in this class. I think they're struggling or you know, you
they're struggling or you know, you
they're struggling or you know, you know, this person always makes me feel
know, this person always makes me feel
know, this person always makes me feel enough and so we're going to wear this
enough and so we're going to wear this
enough and so we're going to wear this like a friendship bracelet.
like a friendship bracelet.
like a friendship bracelet. >> And this one girl said, I'm going to
>> And this one girl said, I'm going to
>> And this one girl said, I'm going to give it to my dad. I think my dad has
give it to my dad. I think my dad has
give it to my dad. I think my dad has been not feeling well for a very long
been not feeling well for a very long
been not feeling well for a very long time and I think he needs to know he's
time and I think he needs to know he's
time and I think he needs to know he's enough.
enough.
enough. >> Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. >> And I was like, wow. Like that parent to
>> And I was like, wow. Like that parent to
>> And I was like, wow. Like that parent to adult or adultto parent relationship I
adult or adultto parent relationship I
adult or adultto parent relationship I think is this message is so powerful for
think is this message is so powerful for
think is this message is so powerful for Yeah, because well her gen her her dad's
Yeah, because well her gen her her dad's
Yeah, because well her gen her her dad's generation was you know you got to be
generation was you know you got to be
generation was you know you got to be stoic especially if you're male on top
stoic especially if you're male on top
stoic especially if you're male on top of
of
of >> in Texas
>> in Texas
>> in Texas >> in Texas right like three layers deep
>> in Texas right like three layers deep
>> in Texas right like three layers deep already. Um
already. Um
already. Um >> so ble my last question and then we'll
>> so ble my last question and then we'll
>> so ble my last question and then we'll direct everybody to all the places that
direct everybody to all the places that
direct everybody to all the places that if they it'd be an incredible Christmas
if they it'd be an incredible Christmas
if they it'd be an incredible Christmas gift.
gift.
gift. >> Yeah. again getting ready for this
>> Yeah. again getting ready for this
>> Yeah. again getting ready for this conversation I thought to I had all the
conversation I thought to I had all the
conversation I thought to I had all the thoughts you know and one of the
thoughts you know and one of the
thoughts you know and one of the thoughts was here's a guy who has
thoughts was here's a guy who has
thoughts was here's a guy who has everything and more than everything
everything and more than everything
everything and more than everything right and I know that you you've sort of
right and I know that you you've sort of
right and I know that you you've sort of discussed um you know wanting less you
discussed um you know wanting less you
discussed um you know wanting less you know kind of simplifying
know kind of simplifying
know kind of simplifying >> and wanting less but I think for a lot
>> and wanting less but I think for a lot
>> and wanting less but I think for a lot of people if they they look at someone
of people if they they look at someone
of people if they they look at someone and they go well what are they what are
and they go well what are they what are
and they go well what are they what are they what's their deal like oh it's
they what's their deal like oh it's
they what's their deal like oh it's you're not enough
you're not enough
you're not enough >> no because
>> no because
>> no because Never never mind for you. I'm just kind
Never never mind for you. I'm just kind
Never never mind for you. I'm just kind of looking at the message from all the
of looking at the message from all the
of looking at the message from all the directions,
directions,
directions, >> but there might be people experiencing
>> but there might be people experiencing
>> but there might be people experiencing this, right? Like, well, what you know,
this, right? Like, well, what you know,
this, right? Like, well, what you know, I I I you know, whatever the million
I I I you know, whatever the million
I I I you know, whatever the million things that we we say are mean success
things that we we say are mean success
things that we we say are mean success in this world, like, oh, I have a good
in this world, like, oh, I have a good
in this world, like, oh, I have a good job or I'm attractive or I'm I have a
job or I'm attractive or I'm I have a
job or I'm attractive or I'm I have a good family or whatever, you know, how
good family or whatever, you know, how
good family or whatever, you know, how do you how do you talk about that part?
do you how do you talk about that part?
do you how do you talk about that part? Because I think that that's where it's
Because I think that that's where it's
Because I think that that's where it's it's really important.
it's really important.
it's really important. Um because I think sometimes with people
Um because I think sometimes with people
Um because I think sometimes with people they can get distracted with those types
they can get distracted with those types
they can get distracted with those types of thoughts.
of thoughts.
of thoughts. >> Sure. So I think the first thing is is
>> Sure. So I think the first thing is is
>> Sure. So I think the first thing is is to not feel shame if you have success or
to not feel shame if you have success or
to not feel shame if you have success or you've accomplished all this and you
you've accomplished all this and you
you've accomplished all this and you don't feel good. Like I actually think
don't feel good. Like I actually think
don't feel good. Like I actually think it's almost designed so that that
it's almost designed so that that
it's almost designed so that that happens. I don't know very many people
happens. I don't know very many people
happens. I don't know very many people who've achieved the, you know, their
who've achieved the, you know, their
who've achieved the, you know, their greatest dreams or got the job or became
greatest dreams or got the job or became
greatest dreams or got the job or became the CEO or even became a mom and dad.
the CEO or even became a mom and dad.
the CEO or even became a mom and dad. They thought kids was going to be the
They thought kids was going to be the
They thought kids was going to be the thing. There's always going to be a let
thing. There's always going to be a let
thing. There's always going to be a let down. And I think it's designed by, you
down. And I think it's designed by, you
down. And I think it's designed by, you want to call it, God, the universe,
want to call it, God, the universe,
want to call it, God, the universe, whatever. For me, it's God because that
whatever. For me, it's God because that
whatever. For me, it's God because that causes us to go inward. And when you go
causes us to go inward. And when you go
causes us to go inward. And when you go inward, that's the beginning of the
inward, that's the beginning of the
inward, that's the beginning of the greatest journey of all.
greatest journey of all.
greatest journey of all. >> I really appreciate that. I I can tell
>> I really appreciate that. I I can tell
>> I really appreciate that. I I can tell you a really quick confession. So when I
you a really quick confession. So when I
you a really quick confession. So when I I grew up I didn't for about five years
I grew up I didn't for about five years
I grew up I didn't for about five years I didn't live with uh my parents and my
I didn't live with uh my parents and my
I didn't live with uh my parents and my dad died when I was five right and so
dad died when I was five right and so
dad died when I was five right and so coming up [clears throat]
coming up [clears throat]
coming up [clears throat] >> I I when I started working and and
>> I I when I started working and and
>> I I when I started working and and meeting people that were successful
meeting people that were successful
meeting people that were successful >> and then as you know like living in
>> and then as you know like living in
>> and then as you know like living in California you meet the most successful
California you meet the most successful
California you meet the most successful and and I thought okay real attention
and and I thought okay real attention
and and I thought okay real attention big attention big cash the collateral
big attention big cash the collateral
big attention big cash the collateral damage to the family seems pretty
damage to the family seems pretty
damage to the family seems pretty radical. So I weirdly for the longest
radical. So I weirdly for the longest
radical. So I weirdly for the longest time was striving to be successful but
time was striving to be successful but
time was striving to be successful but not too successful.
not too successful.
not too successful. >> Oh wow.
>> Oh wow.
>> Oh wow. >> Because I thought and I didn't know it
>> Because I thought and I didn't know it
>> Because I thought and I didn't know it was like a subconscious thing. It was
was like a subconscious thing. It was
was like a subconscious thing. It was almost like a natural break because I
almost like a natural break because I
almost like a natural break because I thought the most important thing for me
thought the most important thing for me
thought the most important thing for me are my relationships and my family. And
are my relationships and my family. And
are my relationships and my family. And so I want to be, you know, mobile and be
so I want to be, you know, mobile and be
so I want to be, you know, mobile and be able to help, you know, help people but
able to help, you know, help people but
able to help, you know, help people but not too much
not too much
not too much >> because it seems like it trashes like
>> because it seems like it trashes like
>> because it seems like it trashes like your real life.
your real life.
your real life. >> Yeah. And then I it's like I had to
>> Yeah. And then I it's like I had to
>> Yeah. And then I it's like I had to almost redefine that and go yeah okay
almost redefine that and go yeah okay
almost redefine that and go yeah okay take it like you're in charge of
take it like you're in charge of
take it like you're in charge of >> you know how you're responding but I I
>> you know how you're responding but I I
>> you know how you're responding but I I think you're right. I think it is set up
think you're right. I think it is set up
think you're right. I think it is set up and and now you can just take it as a
and and now you can just take it as a
and and now you can just take it as a cue of like oh I I I can go to my
cue of like oh I I I can go to my
cue of like oh I I I can go to my practice I can go back inside do
practice I can go back inside do
practice I can go back inside do inventory check in and uh and then get
inventory check in and uh and then get
inventory check in and uh and then get back out there.
back out there.
back out there. >> Yeah absolutely. So Blake, direct people
>> Yeah absolutely. So Blake, direct people
>> Yeah absolutely. So Blake, direct people uh where where they can where they can
uh where where they can where they can
uh where where they can where they can find the program, if they want to
find the program, if they want to
find the program, if they want to connect with you, if they want to buy
connect with you, if they want to buy
connect with you, if they want to buy the the bracelets.
the the bracelets.
the the bracelets. >> Great. Okay. So our website is we are
>> Great. Okay. So our website is we are
>> Great. Okay. So our website is we are enough.org.
enough.org.
enough.org. Um and so we are enough.org has the
Um and so we are enough.org has the
Um and so we are enough.org has the bracelets, has hoodies, t-shirts, all
bracelets, has hoodies, t-shirts, all
bracelets, has hoodies, t-shirts, all kinds of fun things. Uh and like I said,
kinds of fun things. Uh and like I said,
kinds of fun things. Uh and like I said, 100% of the profits will go to these
100% of the profits will go to these
100% of the profits will go to these mental health organizations that are
mental health organizations that are
mental health organizations that are really transforming and even saving
really transforming and even saving
really transforming and even saving lives every day. Um, I'm at Blake
lives every day. Um, I'm at Blake
lives every day. Um, I'm at Blake Mikoski on Instagram. That's where I
Mikoski on Instagram. That's where I
Mikoski on Instagram. That's where I spend, you know, whenever I do post on
spend, you know, whenever I do post on
spend, you know, whenever I do post on social, it's usually there and I love
social, it's usually there and I love
social, it's usually there and I love sharing with people and connecting with
sharing with people and connecting with
sharing with people and connecting with people. So, that's Blake Mikoski on
people. So, that's Blake Mikoski on
people. So, that's Blake Mikoski on Instagram. And I think that's it. And
Instagram. And I think that's it. And
Instagram. And I think that's it. And also, I don't know when it's going to
also, I don't know when it's going to
also, I don't know when it's going to air, um, but I do have a podcast coming
air, um, but I do have a podcast coming
air, um, but I do have a podcast coming out, uh, called No Magic Pill, which I'm
out, uh, called No Magic Pill, which I'm
out, uh, called No Magic Pill, which I'm going to talk to you about being on my
going to talk to you about being on my
going to talk to you about being on my podcast next. Um, and that's going to
podcast next. Um, and that's going to
podcast next. Um, and that's going to come out in May. So, um Oh, great. Yeah.
come out in May. So, um Oh, great. Yeah.
come out in May. So, um Oh, great. Yeah. Why are you taking so long?
Why are you taking so long?
Why are you taking so long? >> I had this idea with this is to enjoy
>> I had this idea with this is to enjoy
>> I had this idea with this is to enjoy the process of recording a bunch of
the process of recording a bunch of
the process of recording a bunch of episodes and then almost like releasing
episodes and then almost like releasing
episodes and then almost like releasing it like a season. Um versus having the
it like a season. Um versus having the
it like a season. Um versus having the pressure of you know every week or every
pressure of you know every week or every
pressure of you know every week or every other week having to do it. So I I I
other week having to do it. So I I I
other week having to do it. So I I I it's kind of I look at the podcast a
it's kind of I look at the podcast a
it's kind of I look at the podcast a little bit as an art like an art
little bit as an art like an art
little bit as an art like an art project. Like I mean my main focus right
project. Like I mean my main focus right
project. Like I mean my main focus right now
now
now >> like your pictures you had been taking
>> like your pictures you had been taking
>> like your pictures you had been taking photographs. Yeah. It's it's very much
photographs. Yeah. It's it's very much
photographs. Yeah. It's it's very much like that. So I'm enjoying doing it. I'm
like that. So I'm enjoying doing it. I'm
like that. So I'm enjoying doing it. I'm doing it in a relax whenever I'm in the
doing it in a relax whenever I'm in the
doing it in a relax whenever I'm in the right city with the right person. Like
right city with the right person. Like
right city with the right person. Like I'm not really pushing hard. And then I
I'm not really pushing hard. And then I
I'm not really pushing hard. And then I figured I'd launch it during mental
figured I'd launch it during mental
figured I'd launch it during mental health awareness month in May because
health awareness month in May because
health awareness month in May because it's all about that. And then we'll see
it's all about that. And then we'll see
it's all about that. And then we'll see if people like it. If they do, I'll do
if people like it. If they do, I'll do
if people like it. If they do, I'll do some more. If not, then it was a fun
some more. If not, then it was a fun
some more. If not, then it was a fun project.
project.
project. >> That's exciting. It, you know, there's
>> That's exciting. It, you know, there's
>> That's exciting. It, you know, there's nothing better than talking to people
nothing better than talking to people
nothing better than talking to people and learning from them.
and learning from them.
and learning from them. >> Oh, I've had a couple great interviews
>> Oh, I've had a couple great interviews
>> Oh, I've had a couple great interviews and so fun.
and so fun.
and so fun. >> Blake Mosski, thank you so much. Good to
>> Blake Mosski, thank you so much. Good to
>> Blake Mosski, thank you so much. Good to see you. Congratulations.
see you. Congratulations.
see you. Congratulations. >> Thank you, Gabby.
