---
collected_at: 2026-04-08T02:25:59.866938+00:00
source_group: personal_site
source_id: personal_site_home
source_type: personal_site_page
title: Blake Mycoskie | Founder of ENOUGH & TOMS | Mental Wellness Advocate
url: https://blakemycoskie.com/
---

Blake Mycoskie | Founder of ENOUGH & TOMS | Mental Wellness Advocate
home enough connect speaking about no magic pill
connect speaking enough photography Home about
no magic pill
sign up for updates
ENOUGH
learn more What started as one man’s healing journey to redefine his own worth became something much larger;
a commitment to helping others remember theirs.
Blake’s story is a personal one,
but the message of ENOUGH
is universal.
What started as one man’s healing journey to redefine his own worth became something much larger;
Blake’s story is a personal one, but the message of ENOUGH is universal.
learn more ENOUGH
"never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world. indeed,
it's the only thing that ever has.”
- margaret meade
blake
get to know
read more
blake mycoskie is an entrepreneur, philanthropist, mental health advocate, and #1 best-selling author whose work has touched millions
of lives worldwide.
toms / enough founder.
portrait photographer.
dad.
seeker.
adventurer.
grateful human.
lover of life.
blake mycoskie is an entrepreneur, philanthropist, mental health advocate, and
#1 best-selling author whose work has touched millions
“carpe diem - if i do that, then i’m giving the most i can to what ive been given.”
Coming Soon...
No
a podcast exploring the
intersection of research,
resilience, and real human stories - guiding us toward lasting change.
Magic
Pill
Podcast
with blake mycoskie
a podcast exploring the intersection of research, resilience, and real human stories - guiding us toward lasting change.
talks, projects, and a handful of ideas blake probably shouldn’t send in an email - but will anyways.
plus a big announcement you’ll
want to hear first.
don't miss
the good sh*t
Email address
Subscribe
plus a big announcement you’ll want to hear first.
watch interview
blake on cbs
morning show with gayle king
Blake sits with Gayle King to discuss the journey that led to him creating  ENOUGH
follow instagram
follow "weareenough" on instagram
Enough is here to push back against the idea that we have to earn our worth.
see more
learn about blake's journey
Blake is finally ready to share what he's been working on
10 things i wish i knew about depression earlier
Here are a few things I wish I had understood sooner about depression.
read substack
"too many apps open"
when overstimulation disguises itself as productivity
"i learned one of the biggest lessons of my life after my first “big” failure.
Sometimes the world says “not this way.”
And that “no” becomes the soil for everything that comes next
go to instagram
Last summer, I felt utterly lost. Anxious thoughts consumed me, and my depression hit an all-time low.
"what a difference a year makes "
Today, a year later, I feel lighter, clearer, and more grounded than ever.
watch blake featured on
rich roll's podcast
Blake sits down with Rich Roll to discuss his career and unique spiritual perspective on
all things business, opportunity, and personal growth.
Blake sits with Gayle King to discuss the journey that led to him creating the new brand ENOUGH.
blake on cbs mornings show with gayle king
ENOUGH is here to push back against the idea that we have to earn our worth. Share your story and follow along Blake's newest venture.
Keep Up with the Latest
Learn About Blakes Journey
my story
blake is ready to share what he's been working on
From the outside, my life looked perfect.
From the inside, I was struggling. After selling the company, the emptiness got louder, not quieter.
It eventually led me to the darkest moment of my life.
That moment forced me to stop chasing what I thought would fix me and start doing the hard work of healing. And slowly, I came back not as a founder or a public figure, but as a human being. Along the way, I learned the truth that saved my life:
I am enough."
My son caught me the other day.
He looked over my shoulder, shook his head, and said, “Dad, you’ve got like forty apps open. No wonder your battery’s always dead.” I laughed, but that line stuck to my ribs. Because the truth is, my life feels like that most days.
A dozen projects open, messages half-replied to, new ideas flashing like notifications. Everything buzzing for my attention. It’s not that I don’t love what I do because I do.
But I’m starting to see that even passion has a cost if it’s not managed.
Check out Blake's latest on Substack!
"i learned one of the biggest lessons of my life after my first “big” failure. "
And for the first time in my life, I fell into a real depression.
It wasn’t the money. It wasn’t the failure.
It was feeling like the dream wasn’t done… but I couldn’t figure out how to keep going. Looking back, that season taught me more than any success ever could. Sometimes the world says “not this way.”
Read More On Instagram
My healing journey didn't come with one big breakthrough moment. It was slow, quiet, and even messy at times. It was a process of learning to stop resisting and finally seek the help I deeply needed.
blake featured on rich roll's podcast
a global voice
on entrepreneurship, mental wellness & social activism
find blake on instagram
Blake Mycoskie | Founder of TOMS & Mental Wellness Advocate
You'll Be
The First To Know.
learn when blake's new podcast "no magic pill"
is officially live!
learn when blake's new podcast "no magic pill"  is officially live!
ABOUT no magic pill speaking INSTAGRAM SUBSTACK linkedin contact accessibility  get notified when we do cool sh*t
connect
home projects
all rights reserved. blake mycoskie 2025. Privacy policy  terms of use
PHOTOGRAPHY
