---
collected_at: 2026-04-08T02:25:59.866938+00:00
source_group: personal_site
source_id: personal_site_privacy-policy
source_type: personal_site_page
title: Privacy Policy | Blake Mycoskie
url: https://blakemycoskie.com/privacy-policy
---

Privacy Policy | Blake Mycoskie
home enough connect speaking about no magic pill
connect speaking enough photography Home about
no magic pill
Effective Date: September 30, 2025
Website: www.blakemycoskie.com
We respect your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains what information we collect when you visit BlakeMycoskie.com, how we use it, and how you can contact us.
1. Information We Collect
· Information you voluntarily provide (such as your name and email) when subscribing to our mailing list or submitting a contact form.
· Technical data automatically collected through analytics tools, including IP address, browser type, and pages visited.
2. How We Use Information
· Communicate with you and manage subscriptions or inquiries.
· Send occasional updates or newsletters (you may unsubscribe anytime).
· Improve and analyze Site performance.
3. Data Sharing
We do not sell or rent personal data. We may share limited information with trusted service providers such as Substack, Klaviyo, or analytics vendors solely to operate and improve the Site. We do not share your personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
4. Cookies
The Site may use cookies and similar technologies to enhance functionality and analyze traffic. You can adjust your browser settings to refuse or manage cookies.
5. Data Retention
Information is retained only as long as necessary for the purposes described or as required by law.
6. Changes to this Policy
We review this Privacy Policy regularly and may revise it to reflect our privacy practices. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify users by updating the effective date and posting a notice on our homepage.
7. Do Not Track Technologies
Some web browsers offer a “Do Not Track” (“DNT”) signal that you can activate to indicate your preference that websites not track your online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services. At this time, we do not respond to DNT signals or similar mechanisms sent by browsers.
Because we do not respond to these signals, we may collect information about your use of the site and how you interact with our content, even if a DNT signal is activated in your browser. We may also allow certain third parties to collect this information over time to provide analytics and other services.
If you want to limit tracking, you can adjust your browser settings to block cookies or use other tools offered by your browser. These options are specific to the browser and device you are using.
8. California “Shine the Light” Disclosure
California Civil Code § 1798.83 permits California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of “personal information” to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
We do not disclose personal information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes without giving you a choice. If you are a California resident and would like to submit a request about our compliance with this law, you may contact us at:
Blake Mycoskie Inc.
9401 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 500
Beverly Hills, CA 90212
Email: info@blakemycoskie.com
Please include “California Privacy Rights Request” in your letter or email, and provide your name, a California address, and a current contact method so we can respond. We will respond as required by California law.
9. Your Rights
Depending on your jurisdiction, you may have rights to access, correct, or delete your personal data. To exercise these rights, contact us using the email below.
10. Security
We implement reasonable safeguards to protect your data but cannot guarantee absolute security of any information transmitted online.
11. Contact
For privacy inquiries, please contact: info@blakemycoskie.com
PRIVACY POLICY
ABOUT no magic pill speaking INSTAGRAM SUBSTACK linkedin contact accessibility  get notified when we do cool sh*t
connect
enough
home projects
Email address
Subscribe
all rights reserved. blake mycoskie 2025. Privacy policy  terms of use
PHOTOGRAPHY
