---
collected_at: 2026-04-08T02:24:12.501466+00:00
source_group: personal_site
source_id: personal_site_terms-of-use
source_type: personal_site_page
title: Terms of Use | Blake Mycoskie
url: https://blakemycoskie.com/terms-of-use
---

Terms of Use | Blake Mycoskie
home enough connect speaking about no magic pill
connect speaking enough photography Home about
no magic pill
BlakeMycoskie.com
Terms of Use
Effective Date: September 30, 2025
1. Use of Site
This Site and its content are provided for informational, inspirational, and personal purposes only. The Site does not provide health or wellness advice. You may not copy, reproduce, modify, distribute, transmit, display, publish, or create derivative works from any materials on the Site without prior written permission.
2. Intellectual Property
All text, images, graphics, design, audio, video, and other materials appearing on this Site are owned by or licensed to Blake Mycoskie and are protected by U.S. and international copyright and intellectual property laws.
© 2025 Blake Mycoskie. All rights reserved.
3. Disclaimers
All content on this Site, including journal entries, writings, and commentary, reflects personal opinions and experiences only. The Site is provided “as is,” without warranties of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to accuracy, completeness, or fitness for a particular purpose. Your use of this Site is at your own risk.
The information provided on this Site is for general informational purposes only and does not constitute medical advice. The content reflects personal opinions and experiences and is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition.
4. Acceptable Use Policy
This Site is provided for informational, non-commercial use. You may view and print materials from the site for personal, educational, or other non-commercial purposes, provided you keep all copyright, trademark, and attribution notices intact. By accessing or using the Site, you agree that you will not:
· use the site in any way that violates applicable law or regulation;
· copy, reproduce, distribute, or display site content for commercial purposes without prior written permission;
· attempt to gain unauthorized access to the site or its related systems;
· introduce malware, bots, scraping tools, or other automated means to access the site without permission;
· interfere with or disrupt the operation or security of the site;
· use the site to harass, defame, or infringe the rights of others;
· misrepresent your identity or affiliation when using the site.
5. Limitation of Liability
To the fullest extent permitted by law, in no event will we be liable to you for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages (including damages for loss of profits, goodwill, or any other intangible loss) arising out of or relating to your access to or use of, or your inability to access or use, the Site, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence), statute, or any other legal theory, and whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of damage.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, our aggregate liability to you for all claims arising out of or relating to the use of or any inability to use any portion of the Site, whether in contract, tort, or otherwise, is limited to the greater of the amount you have paid to us for access to and use of the Site in the 12 months prior to the event or circumstance giving rise to claim.
The allocation of risks set forth in this Section 4 is an essential element of the basis of the bargain between the parties. The limitations in this Section 4 will apply even if any limited remedy fails of its essential purpose.
6. Third-Party Links and Compensation
This Site may contain links to third-party websites or services. We are not responsible for the content, accuracy, or practices of any external sites, and the inclusion of a link does not imply endorsement.
7. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Blake Mycoskie, his affiliates, employees, and partners from and against any claims, losses, liabilities, or expenses arising out of your misuse of the Site.
8. Governing Law
These Terms are governed by the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflict-of-law provisions.
9. Updates to These Terms
We may revise these Terms from time to time. Updates will be posted on this page with a new effective date. Your continued use of the Site after such changes constitutes acceptance of the revised Terms.
10. Arbitration
Any dispute arising under or in connection with these Terms will be resolved only by binding arbitration before one arbitrator acting under and selected in accordance with the Consumer Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association, which are available online at www.adr.org. Such arbitration will be conducted in English in Los Angeles, California, United States of America and the decision of the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. EACH PARTY MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER PARTY ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.
However, the provisions of this Section 9 do not waive, preclude, or otherwise limit the right of either party to (a) bring an individual action in small claims court; (b) pursue an enforcement action through an applicable federal, state, or local regulatory agency; (c) seek injunctive relief in a court of law in aid of such arbitration; or (d) file suit in a court of law to address an intellectual property infringement claim.
Welcome to BlakeMycoskie.com (the “Site”), operated by Blake Mycoskie (“we,” “us,” or “our”).
By accessing or using this Site, you agree to these Terms of Use. If you do not agree, please do not use the site.
ABOUT no magic pill speaking INSTAGRAM SUBSTACK linkedin contact accessibility  get notified when we do cool sh*t
connect
enough
home projects
Email address
Subscribe
all rights reserved. blake mycoskie 2025. Privacy policy  terms of use
PHOTOGRAPHY
