---
collected_at: 2026-04-08T02:25:59.866938+00:00
source_group: personal_site
source_id: personal_site_no-magic-pill
source_type: personal_site_page
title: No Magic Pill Substack by Blake Mycoskie | Mental Wellness
url: https://blakemycoskie.com/no-magic-pill
---

No Magic Pill Substack by Blake Mycoskie | Mental Wellness
home enough connect speaking about no magic pill
connect speaking enough photography Home about
no magic pill
take me to substack Pill
because there are many paths to mental wellness.
No
Magic
Pill
take me to substack
no magic pill is where real conversations happen -
with scientists, healers, and seekers who are reimagining mental wellness. each week, we explore proven practices and honest stories, showing not just that change is possible, but how to make it happen.
with scientists, healers,
and seekers who are
reimagining mental wellness. each week, we explore proven practices and honest stories, showing not just that
change is possible,
but how to make it happen.
podcast coming soon.
no magic pill is on substack.
sign up for podcast alerts sign up for podcast alerts take me to substack
" When the Ego Gets Bored, it
Starts a Fire"
Read More on Substack
when overstimulation disguises itself as productivity
My son caught me the other day.
He looked over my shoulder, shook his head, and said,
“Dad, you’ve got like forty apps open. No wonder your battery’s always dead.”
I laughed, but that line stuck to my ribs.
Because the truth is, my life feels like that most days.
letting go of chaos to find peace.
He said something that stuck: “The ego needs something to fix.” I felt that in my gut. Because looking back, so many of the “problems” I’ve carried weren’t just bad luck or fate. I created them. My ego set the fire, then handed me a bucket of water and told me I was a hero for putting it out.
The truth hit me during a beautiful session with a healer I have been seeing as part of my ongoing recovery from depression. We were talking about the cycles I’ve gone through: success, chaos, drama, depression, and most recently peace.
I used to think my spirit animal had to be something obvious.
A wolf, maybe. Or a panther. Or even a peacock- bright, admired, unforgettable.
The kind of animal people look at and go, “Wow.”
And if I’m being honest, I wanted to be a “wow” animal. I wanted that to be my reflection. That kind of power. That kind of presence.
“I Thought I was a Peacock, but Turns out I was a Woodpecker"
a true story about mushrooms, animals, and finally seeing myself clearly
Check Out Blake's Substack
Too Many Apps Open
letting go of chaos
to find peace.
When the Ego Gets Bored, it Starts a Fire
I Thought I was a Peacock, but Turns Out I was a Woodpecker
Thankfully I didn’t, and instead went on a long healing journey-
trying everything from therapy, plant medicine, neurofeedback, TMS, ashrams, pharmaceuticals (getting on and getting off), hypnosis, and more.
That path led me to create a space where i can help others
find their way to mental wellness.
- Blake
A few years ago, in the middle of what looked like the height of my success
after selling TOMS Shoes and helping give 100 million pairs of shoes to children in need,
I was battling depression. It got so bad that I almost took my life.
A few years ago, in the middle of what looked like the height of my success after selling TOMS Shoes and helping give 100 million
pairs of shoes to children in need,
I was battling depression.
It got so bad that I almost took my life.
A Word
From Blake
A Word From Blake
Coming Soon...
Featured Guests Will Be Announced Soon...
a podcast exploring the intersection of research, resilience,
and real human stories -
guiding us toward lasting change.
sign up for podcast alerts
Coming
Soon...
A podcast exploring the intersection of research, resilience, and real human stories - guiding us toward lasting change.
a podcast exploring the
intersection of research,
resilience, and real human
stories - guiding us toward
lasting change.
Topics Blake's Covering & More...
psychedelics
travel
science
reflection
community
energy
spirituality
photography
“because there are many paths to mental wellness.”
toms / enough founder.
portrait photographer.
dad.
seeker.
adventurer.
grateful human.
lover of life
learn more get to know blake
toms founder.
blake
learn more
get to know
What started as one man’s healing journey to redefine his own worth became something much larger; a commitment to helping others remember theirs.
ENOUGH
learn about blake's new venture...
Podcast Coming Soon...
Email address
Subscribe
a podcast exploring the intersection of research,
resilience, and real human stories -
a podcast exploring the intersection
of research, resilience,
guiding us toward
ABOUT no magic pill speaking INSTAGRAM SUBSTACK linkedin contact accessibility  get notified when we do cool sh*t
connect
home projects
all rights reserved. blake mycoskie 2025. Privacy policy  terms of use
