---
collected_at: 2026-04-08T02:29:53.379339+00:00
published_at: 2020-01-07T05:25:49Z
source_group: businessoffashion-com
source_id: article_businessoffashion-com_blake-mycoskie-bof-500-the-people-shaping-the-global-fashion-industry
source_type: web_article
title: Blake Mycoskie | BoF 500 | The People Shaping the Global Fashion Industry
url: https://www.businessoffashion.com/people/blake-mycoskie/
---

Since founding ethical footwear company Toms, Chief Executive Blake Mycoskie has donated over ten million pairs of shoes to children in need through an innovative ‘One for One’ campaign that has received widespread recognition and a dedicated global following. In 2014, Mycoskie sold a 50 percent stake in the business to Bain Capital, which valued the company at an estimated $625 million.
The for-profit company launched in 2006 and has since extended its product range to include eyewear, providing essential eyecare for each pair of eyewear sold. In 2018, more than 86 million pairs of shoes had been donated to children. A pioneer of social entrepreneurship, Mycoskie’s philanthropy and business model earned him the 2009 Award of Corporate Excellence by then US Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton.
The inspiration for Toms came when Mycoskie was touring around Argentina in early 2006, following a day spent volunteering at a local non-profit organisation in Buenos Aires. Working from a traditional Argentinean slip-on shoe, Mycoskie built a prototype and set an initial goal to donate shoes to 250 children by selling stock in small local boutiques and stores in Los Angeles. By 2010, shoe sales had reached over 1 million pairs and they were stocked in all major retailers. Despite eschewing traditional forms of advertising, Toms also quickly garnered a strong fan following, currently boasting nearly 3 million followers on social media sites.
A serial entrepreneur, Mycoskie established his first business in the mid '90s with EZ Laundry, a door-to-door campus laundry service for students, as a freshman at Southern Methodist University. Following his graduation, Mycoskie relocated to Nashville in 1999 where, inspired by the booming billboard industry, he set up his own outdoor media company, Mycoskie Media, securing prominent billboards around the city.
In 2002, having sold the business to industry giant Clear Channel, Mycoskie took part in the reality TV show "The Amazing Race" with his sister Paige, finishing just shy of winning the grand prize of $1 million. Mycoskie pooled his resources with his sister to launch "Reality 24/7", an all-access TV channel providing non-stop coverage of reality TV shows. The duo had secured over $2 million in funding and signed up contestants for promotional shoots when media mogul Rupert Murdoch launched Fox Reality Channel, causing Mycoskie to lose prime advertisers.
Actively engaged with NGOs and a frequent guest at global conferences on philanthropy, Mycoskie also plays a pivotal role in promoting social entrepreneurship start-ups. Along with providing one book for each purchased copy of his first book, Start Something That Matters, Mycoskie also offered 50 percent of royalties to provide grants for up-and-coming businesses, increasing the donation to 100 percent in 2012. In November 2018, Mycoskie announced on the Jimmy Fallon Show that Toms would "evolve our giving model" to give "considerable resources [...] to issues of our time," starting with donating $5 million to organisations seeking to end gun violence — the largest corporate gift to end gun violence in the history of the US.
Career History
Toms
Founder
2006 - Present
Reality Central
2003 - 2006
Mycoskie Media
1999 - 2003
Education
Southern Methodist University
VITAL STATISTICS
BORN
1976
NATIONALITY
American
LOCATION
United States
MEMBER SINCE
2013
VIEW MORE
What is
The BoF 500?
The people shaping the global fashion industry, curated by the editors of The Business of Fashion, based on nominations and on-the-ground intelligence from around the world.
Explore
Find out more
Latest News & Analysis
Retail
Lessons From the Rise and Fall of Toms Shoes
The once-hot footwear brand's story is a cautionary tale for companies reliant on a hero product and narrow brand messaging.
07 January 2020
Entrepreneurship
Business Opportunities Only Women Can See
Companies like Lola, Universal Standard and ThirdLove are tapping market opportunities that have long been in the blind spots of male entrepreneurs and investors.
17 May 2019
News & Analysis
Gwyneth Paltrow and Natalie Massenet Invest in 'Size-Inclusive' Brand Universal Standard
Tom and Ruth Chapman, Elizabeth Cutler, Toms founder Blake Mycosie and Sweetgreen’s Jonathan Neman and Nicolas Jammet also participated in the $7 million Series A round.
19 February 2018
Workplace & Talent
Announcing Estée Lauder Companies, Proenza Schouler, ATM Antony Thomas Melillo
Check out this week’s new partners and openings on BoF Careers, the global marketplace for fashion talent.
06 February 2017
Blake Mycoskie on 10 Years of Toms
Blake Mycoskie, who founded one-for-one shoe company Toms in his California apartment, on the company's critics and 'chaotic' early days.
06 May 2016
Op-Ed | In Defence of Toms
Acknowledging the limits of its 'one-for-one' model, Toms has evolved from a strictly aid-based approach to one that supports wider economic development through job creation and local trade, argues Derek Ruediger.
21 August 2014
Op-Ed | The Problem with One-for-One Models
Companies like Toms have become popular because they assuage the guilt of many in the wealthy world who buy their products, while doing little to address the root causes of poverty, argues Grant van Sant.
08 August 2014
Pop Quiz | Brunello Cucinelli, Kris Van Assche, Fragrances
How well have you read your BoF this week? Test your knowledge of all of the latest news and analysis from around the world of fashion in our Pop Quiz, which covers Brunello Cucinelli, Kris Van Assche, and more.
04 July 2014
Blake Mycoskie of Toms on Social Entrepreneurship and Finding His ‘Business Soulmate’
In the latest instalment of Founder Stories, a series highlighting the personal and professional journeys of some of fashion’s most dynamic entrepreneurs, BoF speaks with Blake Mycoskie, founder of Toms.
29 July 2013
More
Entrepreneurs
Christina Mercando
Founder & Former Chief Executive, Ringly
Jennifer Hyman
Co-Founder & Chief Executive, Rent the Runway
Elin Kling & Karl Lindman
Designers, Toteme
Antoine Mothay
Co-Founder and Chief Executive, Polène
