---
collected_at: 2026-04-08T02:29:53.379339+00:00
published_at: 
source_group: linkedin-com
source_id: article_linkedin-com_blake-mycoskie-founder-of-toms-amp-lover-of-life-linkedin
source_type: web_article
title: Blake Mycoskie - Founder of TOMS &amp; Lover of Life | LinkedIn
url: https://www.linkedin.com/in/blakemycoskie
---

Founder of TOMS & Lover of Life
Los Angeles Metropolitan Area
113K followers
445 connections
Join to view profile
We Are Enough LLC
Southern Methodist University
Report this profile
Articles by Blake
Introducing Introductions
Nov 13, 2020
I love being an entrepreneur. The ability to move quickly to address problems is one of the greatest thrills in the…
5 Comments
Next Steps: Looking Back To Move Forward
Oct 27, 2020
It’s been a little over a week since my Shark Tank debut and I have to say that I am still feeling the excitement of it…
4 Comments
Why I Love Being An Entrepreneur
Oct 16, 2020
Hey everyone, I wanted to share my new job update with you, this is LinkedIn after all. Starting tonight I will be the…
24 Comments
3 Key Principles To Help Thrive, Not Just Survive, In the Weeks and Months Ahead
Mar 27, 2020
Really appreciate you subscribing to my newsletter. I wish that my 2nd installment was under more positive…
8 Comments
A better world begins with the best you.
Mar 5, 2020
Welcome! This is the first of my new monthly newsletter where I'll walk through my life as an entrepreneur and share…
13 Comments
The Unsung Importance of Inner-Work
Nov 14, 2016
We only get so many days on this planet, and I don’t want to take a single one of them for granted. I’ve always had…
92 Comments
5 Questions to ask yourself when you're starting out.
Nov 7, 2016
Good advice is invaluable, but the answers you are searching for are often already inside of you. Here are a few…
27 Comments
How to tell a story that sparks a movement.
Oct 26, 2016
Storytelling is central to every successful movement in time. A good story connects hearts, drives empathy and inspires…
26 Comments
The New Impact Ecosystem: What’s Your Role?
Jun 16, 2016
In an increasingly connected global community, it is collaboration, not competition, that will drive the greatest…
29 Comments
Social Entrepreneurship Takes the Main Stage
May 20, 2016
“In a city founded on vice, we are going to start with a conversation about virtue.” These were Eric Schurenberg’s…
20 Comments
See all articles
Activity
No more previous content
Blake Mycoskie
12h
Report this post
Blake Mycoskie posted this
Creativity is one of the most effective antidotes for anxiety. Here’s how:
When I was dealing with anxiety, trying to think my way out of it didn’t help.
What helped was creating.
I picked up a camera, not to become a photographer, but to give myself a simple creative outlet.
Over time, I photographed more than fifty of the most important people in my life.
What I noticed was clear. When I was creating, my mind stopped ruminating.
My attention shifted away from my thoughts and toward the person in front of me.
That shift matters because anxiety feeds on isolation and overthinking.
Creativity interrupts both. It creates focus, presence, and connection. It might sound simple but it works.
Here’s an east way to try this yourself:
Take three portrait photos of people you care about.
No filters.
No posting.
Slow down, make eye contact, and be present.
That interaction alone can help regulate your nervous system.
You don’t need to be an artist.
You just need to create.
2 Comments
1d
Blake Mycoskie shared this
We’re taught that our worth comes from what we achieve. So we chase success, thinking it will finally make us feel enough.
It doesn’t.
That’s the cultural wound. This is a reminder for you and for someone else that your worth was never tied to achievement in the first place.
You have always been enough.
If this resonates with you or someone you love, please share it. Bracelets are available via the link below.
https://weareenough.co/
public_profile__posts
A message to my 18 year-old self…
3d
A lot of people don’t realize this, but they’re using success to regulate how they feel.
Good day? They feel calm.
Bad day? They feel anxious.
So they chase the next thing that makes them feel okay.
I did this for years.
When things were working, I felt relief.
When they weren’t, I felt pressure in my chest.
So I kept pushing.
Not because I was inspired, but because winning was the only time I felt settled.
From the outside, it looked like progress.
Inside, I was just trying to feel okay.
Here’s what I learned the hard way:
If you only feel okay when things go right, your life will always feel unstable.
Because life goes wrong… a lot.
And no amount of winning can fix that.
What actually helped wasn’t doing more.
It was stopping and asking myself one question:
“Can I be okay before this gets better?”
Not fixing the feeling.
Not chasing relief.
Just letting it pass without earning my worth back.
That’s where things started to change.
A better life doesn’t start when everything works.
It starts when you stop needing everything to work just to feel okay.
3 Comments
5d
Sometimes the ideas that change your life don’t show up with fireworks. They show up in a quiet moment… in a journal… right before breakfast.
TOMS started as a scribble on a page. A simple thought: what if business could give just as much as it sold?
And then life rushed back in… friends knocking on the door, polo matches to get to, real life happening all around me… but that little idea wouldn’t leave me alone.
A month later we were stuffing 250 pairs of shoes into duffel bags and hauling them back to LA.
Big missions can begin in the most ordinary moments. You just have to pay attention to the ones that tug at you.
1 Comment
6d
Peace comes from being fully present with what’s right in front of you, instead of filling every moment with worry or distraction.
As Thích Nhất Hạnh teaches, when you slow down and experience things as they are, even the smallest moments become meaningful.
1w
Growth doesn’t come from selling more, it comes from creating something people want to be part of.
The strongest brands make people feel something worth joining.
Here is harsh life advice that took me 49 years to learn:
1. Success will never make you feel enough.
I had the money, the impact, the recognition — and none of it filled the emptiness. Feeling enough has to come from within.
2. Simplicity is what actually brings peace.
My anxiety came from living a life that was too complex. When I simplified everything — my schedule, my commitments, my expectations — I finally started to breathe again.
3. Pretending to be happy is exhausting and dangerous.
The more I tried to look happy, the more shame I felt. Hiding your truth only makes things worse.
4. Sometimes you have to “blow up” your life to save it.
Letting go of the life I built felt terrifying — but it was far less destructive than staying in something that was killing me.
5. Your body tells the truth before your mind does.
The anxiety, the exhaustion, the tightness — all were signals that something was deeply off.
6. Movement changes your state.
Cold plunges, exercise, getting outside — anything that shifts your physiology can break the spiral.
7. You have to trust yourself over everyone else.
When I stopped letting people diagnose me or tell me who I was, and finally got quiet enough to hear my own gut, everything started to change.
8. Radical honesty is where healing begins.
Once I told myself the truth about how bad things were, I could finally start healing.
Real connection doesn’t come from tactics or tricks. It comes from building something that feels honest and human from the start.
No more next content
Blake Mycoskie commented on a post
Let’s build 🔥
3w
https://blakemycoskie.com/no-magic-pill-pod
1mo
https://blakemycoskie.com/no-magic-pill#/
See all activities
Experience
Founder
Jan 2026
- Present
4 months
Visionary founder of TOMS and the One-for-One movement, a billion dollar brand that gave away 100M+ shoes to children worldwide.
Co-Founder
Madefor
Nov 2017
8 years 6 months
Madefor is a ten-month program that applies the principles of modern neuroscience, psychology and physiology to make your brain and body better.
Chief Shoe Giver
TOMS
May 2006
20 years
I have opted for the title of Chief Shoe Giver, rather than the traditional title of CEO, because giving is at the heart of the TOMS business model. My role takes me around the world to share the One for One™ mission, hand place shoes on children, and meet the most amazing and inspiring people.
Education
1995
2000
Projects
TOMS Marketplace
Nov 2013
The Marketplace is a departure for TOMS in many ways. First off, it isn't about us. It's about something much bigger. It's about these emerging companies, their products, their causes and the idea that business can help improve lives.
This marketplace also embraces different kinds of giving. From the very beginning, we've followed a simple model. When you purchase something, we give something similar: One for One ®.
But many items here give in different ways. Some provide…
But many items here give in different ways. Some provide improved livelihoods and economic opportunity to individuals who otherwise might not find employment. Other products use a portion of their proceeds to support education, fight hunger or fund reforestation. What they all have in common is a belief that everyday purchases can create positive change.
By opening up to new ways of giving, we can address a whole new world of needs. After all, if you want to create change, you have to be open to change yourself. Join us, and let's do even more good together.
See project
Start Something That Matters
Jul 2011
Author of the New York Times best-selling book, "Start Something That Matters" - a book I wrote to share the knowledge we have gained since starting TOMS, and the things I've learned from amazing entrepreneurs and activists I've met along the way.
In addition to sharing the lessons learned, 100% of the proceeds from the book are used to support other social entrepreneurs through the Start Something That Matters fund. It is my dream that this commitment and the book will be a catalyst…
In addition to sharing the lessons learned, 100% of the proceeds from the book are used to support other social entrepreneurs through the Start Something That Matters fund. It is my dream that this commitment and the book will be a catalyst for others as they try and make a positive impact on the world!
TOMS Eyewear
Jun 2011
Over the course of its first five years, TOMS was successful enough in providing shoes for children in need. But I recognized other vital needs during my travels and, realized that One for One could be applied to more than shoes. We developed the idea for TOMS Eyewear in which for every pair of eyewear purchased, TOMS would help give sight to a person in need. One for One.
To date, we have restored sight for more than 175,000 people around the world.
TOMS Shoes
With every pair of shoes you purchase, TOMS will give a pair of new shoes to a child in need. One for One.
The first One for One product for TOMS; the one that started it all! The truth is, TOMS humble beginnings happened unintentionally. While traveling in Argentina in 2006, I witnessed the hardships faced by children growing up without shoes. My solution to the problem was simple: to create a for-profit business that was sustainable and not reliant on donations.
To date, TOMS…
To date, TOMS has given over 10 million pairs of new shoes to children in need around the world and in the United States.
View Blake’s full profile
See who you know in common
Get introduced
Contact Blake directly
Join to view full profile
Explore more posts
Dr. Charles Dagher
nexusX
• 4K followers
Embedding ESG and Circular Economy in Apparel:
Beyond Policies to Daily Practices
----------------
The apparel industry is under unprecedented pressure to become more sustainable, ethical, and future-ready. Yet too often, sustainability is treated as a set of policies, audits, or tactical training sessions - important, but not sufficient.
True transformation happens only when sustainability is embedded into daily practices and becomes a natural way of working across the factory floor. This is where two inseparable dimensions come together: Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) standards and the Circular Economy model. Together, they form a framework where responsibility and regeneration are lived out in every routine action: how materials are cut, how machines are used, how workers interact, and how products flow through the value chain.
➡️ Why Embedding Matters:
- Beyond Compliance – Policies may guide, but embedding ESG and circularity ensures that principles are consistently practiced, not just documented.
- Twin Pillars of Sustainability – ESG sets the ethical and operational foundation, while the Circular Economy closes the loop by keeping resources in use and minimizing waste.
- Shared Responsibility – Every worker becomes both an ESG Champion and a Circular Practitioner, bridging policy and practice.
- Competitiveness Through Culture – Buyers no longer evaluate factories on output alone; they expect proof of sustainability in daily operations, making embedded practices a direct driver of long-term competitiveness.
➡️ From Policies to Practices - Embedding Sustainability for Lasting Impact
Daily ESG and Circular Economy practices deliver cleaner, safer, and more efficient operations, cut costs through conservation and reuse, and empower workers with dignity and innovation. They extend resource life through repair, reuse, and recovery, while strengthening trust and resilience with buyers and regulators.
Policies and training provide direction, but only embedding practices into daily routines via SOPs, visuals, accountability, and KPIs transforms compliance into culture. In doing so, sustainability shifts from obligation to a driver of resilience, reputation, and competitive growth.
Melissa McDermott
Reclaim
• 9K followers
𝗪𝗼𝗺𝗲𝗻 𝗟𝗲𝗮𝗱𝗶𝗻𝗴 𝘁𝗵𝗲 𝗙𝘂𝘁𝘂𝗿𝗲 𝗼𝗳 𝗖𝗶𝗿𝗰𝘂𝗹𝗮𝗿 𝗙𝗮𝘀𝗵𝗶𝗼𝗻
The shift to a circular fashion economy isn’t just technical, it’s visionary. And behind the most impactful progress, there’s a growing network of women leading the way.
From fiber innovation and traceability to startup acceleration, circularity, and global regulation, these 20 women are not only influencing the conversation, they’re reshaping the system.
🌿 Here are just a few of the women pushing the boundaries of what's possible in sustainable and circular fashion:
Sara Diez - CEO -ThePostFiber
Helena Helmersson - Chairperson - Circulose
Rawaa Ammar, PhD - Chief Sustainability & Impact Officer - Resortecs
Clàudia Hosta - Head of Circularity - MANGO
Mónica Rodriguez - CEO - Recovo
Rocío Alcocer Magirena - Managing Director - Norrsken Barcelona
Sofia Strazzanti - CEO - Future Fashion Assembly
Alba Garcia Betorz - Co-Founder - BCome.
Sònia Flotats - Director - MOVE!
Rachel Arthur - Sustainable fashion - UN Environment Programme
Gema Gómez💚🌍🌱♻️👕 - Founder - Slow Fashion Next
Anna Cañadell - Co-Founder - BCome.
Lydia Brearley - Founder - enkel and Sustainable Fashion School
Regina Polanco - Founder & CEO - PYRATEX®
Laura Coppen - H&M Group Sustainability Investments
Christine Goulay - Advisor
Ana Rodes (PhD) - Head of Sustainability - Recover
Anna Turrell - Global Sustainability Leader
Alba Rocafort Marco - Co-Founder - FABBRIC
Liz Hershfield - Executive Director - COTTON USA™
👁 Who else should be on our radar in 2025?
Let’s keep amplifying these voices, they’re building the future of fashion.
#CircularFashion #SustainableFashion #WomenInLeadership #FashionInnovation #SustainabilityLeaders #FutureOfFashion
280 Comments
Shamini Dhana
Dhana Inc.
• 11K followers
California just made history.
For the first time in the United States, textiles are being brought into an Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) framework — and Landbell USA has been selected as the Producer Responsibility Organization to implement SB 707, the Responsible Textile Recovery Act.
This is not just policy.
It is a signal.
A signal that fashion can no longer externalize its end-of-life responsibility. A signal that circularity must move from storytelling to infrastructure.
“CalRecycle has approved Landbell USA as the PRO to carry out the requirements of the Responsible Textile Recovery Act.” — CalRecycle Public Notice 📄
🔗 https://lnkd.in/g86jYyMd
Textiles have long been one of the most overlooked waste streams — despite their material value, labor intensity, and cultural meaning. With this legislation, California is acknowledging that garments are not disposable. They are designed objects that deserve systems of recovery, repair, reuse, and recycling.
Now the real work begins:
• Building collection and sorting infrastructure
• Designing for recyclability and durability
• Creating transparency across the supply chain
• Aligning brands, recyclers, policymakers, and technology platforms
EPR for textiles will reshape how brands think about design from the very beginning. End-of-life is no longer an afterthought — it becomes part of the design brief.
For those of us working at the intersection of fashion, technology, and circular systems, this moment matters. It opens the door to reimagining materials, business models, and digital tools that support responsible production at scale.
California is setting a precedent.
The question now is: Who will follow?
#CircularEconomy #TextileEPR #FashionTransformation #SustainableFashion #SystemsChange #FutureOfFashion
Brittany Sierra
Green Behavior
• 28K followers
For years, the sustainable fashion industry has focused on building better systems: preferred materials, circular models, supply chain transparency, and third-party certifications.
But systems change alone won’t move sustainability at scale.
You can build the infrastructure and adoption will STILL underperform because you designed for intent, not actual behavior.
If you work in sustainable fashion, you’re in the behavior change business. But most sustainability leaders were trained to build systems, not engineer participation.
SFF26 is where that changes.
October 28–30 in Portland, we're bringing together behavioral scientists, consumer psychologists, and senior leaders from brands, retailers, and government to close the gap between sustainable systems and the consumer participation that makes them work.
This isn’t about “marketing sustainability better.” It’s about scaling sustainability inside real business structures under real commercial pressure.
If you’re asking customers to take an extra step: return, scan, repair, pay more, trust a claim, you’re managing friction. And friction is a design problem.
At SFF26, sustainability, marketing, and product leaders learn what actually drives adoption so they can increase participation, defend budgets, and tie sustainability to measurable business impact.
The industry is building the systems of the future. SFF26 is about unlocking the behavior that fuels them.
Grab early-bird tickets for you and the team and build the participation strategy your roadmap is missing.
🎟️https://lnkd.in/g9dTUqC
#consumerbehavior #sustainability #sustainablefashion #consumerpsychology #saydogap
11 Comments
Moushumi swami
Appssou Services
• 3K followers
🌍 COP30 is redefining apparel sourcing.
From decarbonisation and raw material scarcity to new global regulations, sourcing teams are now at the forefront of climate action.
At Appssou Services, we’re bridging artisan-led production with digital traceability, and buyer co-creation to build climate-aligned, future-ready sourcing ecosystems.
The message is clear: #compliance, #transparency, and #innovation will shape the next era of global sourcing.
#COP30 #SustainableSourcing #AppssouServices #ClimateAction #StrategicSourcing #ESGCompliance #CircularEconomy
Lewis Perkins
12K followers
Check out our latest op-ed in Sourcing Journal. Kurt Kipka, Chief Impact Officer at Apparel Impact Institute, and I share our perspective on the recent rise in apparel industry emissions—and what we can do about it.
In 2023, apparel emissions jumped 7.5%, reversing years of progress. As climate impacts worsen across key manufacturing regions, the stakes for our industry are only growing.
Those who sit back and wait for others to lead will ultimately feel the consequences—in their supply chains, bottom lines, and business continuity.
The cost of inaction is real, and no single actor can decarbonize fashion alone; progress depends on shared investment, shared accountability, and shared urgency. Whether you’re a brand, manufacturer, financier, or policymaker—this is the moment to align around collective action. The tools and solutions already exist. What we need now is bold execution.
#Sustainability #ApparelIndustry #ClimateAction #Decarbonization #Scope3 #FashionIndustry #NetZero #SustainableFinance #CollectiveAction #SupplyChainResilience #ClimateSolutions #FashionClimateFund #CleanByDesign #Aii #SharedResponsibility
Courtney Evors
The Consultancy KTCHN
Apparel design is meaningless without Product Strategy
I see many founders leaving one industry and branching into apparel (same with food, I get it, I went from fashion to granola myself).
Apparel is a low-barrier industry. Everyone has clothes, so everyone feels like an expert. And with AI, anyone can design (see previous posts for my thoughts).
Too often, founders jump in fast, chasing a “gap in the market” that may not exist. Before long, they’re stuck with stock that isn’t moving, because they skipped the strategy upfront.
44% of fashion retailers (many new brands) report struggling with surplus inventory in their first year. Nearly 20% goes unsold, leaving founders desperate to offload. That’s not a marketing problem, it’s a strategy problem.
All you need is a logo, trending colors, the right silhouette and an influencer, and you’re golden, right? That might have worked 5 years ago. Now? Markets shift, customers are paying more attention, and that “gap” is quickly filled by five other brands following the same trends.
So what can strategy do for brands starting out? A lot.
First, before you (or your freelance designer) put pen to paper:
You need a brand strategy.
Beyond a logo, what makes your products a brand? What are your values, tone of voice, how do you sound, how do you make people feel? Why should customers trust, connect with, and buy from you? This sets the stage for everything. Any designer worth their salt will ask for this upfront. If you’re not clear, how can they be?
Who is your brand for?
Your target customer determines product type, price points, buying behavior, and what they purchase if not from you. It even frames the body shape and fit of your garments.
Next, comes the Product Strategy.
What kind of products are you creating? Are you sustainable, circular, recyclable, durable? These can’t be afterthoughts. Your stance on sustainability shapes not only what you make, but how you make it and the factories you partner with.
Once this framework is in place, then you build your range.
This is where most go overboard. Start small. How many pieces do you really need? How do they work together? Are they needed? Or just nice to have? Map your range: price points, colors, SKUs. What can you actually afford?
Lastly, have your budget in order.
Starting a brand isn’t cheap, and it isn’t for the faint of heart. Product development costs money. The right support team costs money too, but the right support saves money long-term.
And most important: a sales and go-to-market strategy.
Just because you build it doesn’t mean they’ll come.
Plan your budgets accordingly.
Design thinking upfront is solving a business problem.
Start with less than you think you need. Start small. A micro collection is enough. Build traction, then grow.
(This post was inspired by a talk by Anneli Hansson, who said: “Brand identity design is meaningless without brand strategy.” In apparel, the same holds true for product strategy.)
6 Comments
Malik Sheraz Ali
The WearOuts
• 951 followers
🧠 Want to Start a Clothing Brand? Here’s What Most People Get Wrong
After years of working in apparel manufacturing — helping startups and growing brands across the US and beyond — I’ve seen this one mistake too many times:
People focus only on designs, and ignore the production process.
Here’s some real talk 👇
✅ A good idea isn’t enough.
✅ A great design isn’t enough.
✅ Even a solid budget isn’t enough...
What makes a brand successful?
➡️ Understanding your product.
➡️ Choosing the right fabrics.
➡️ Knowing your fit and finish.
➡️ Working with a manufacturer who sees your vision.
As a manufacturer, I don’t just take orders. I help brands bring ideas to life — from fabric sourcing and wash effects, to fit adjustments and custom packaging.
If you’re thinking about launching your own line (or scaling one), I’m happy to share what works, what doesn’t, and how to avoid expensive mistakes.
Let’s grow smart — not just fast.
💬 Drop your questions below or message me if you’re stuck anywhere in your process.
#thoughtleadership #clothingbrandtips #fashionbusiness #streetwearstartup #custommanufacturing #brandstrategy #valuepost #madeinpakistan #entrepreneurmindset #endlezz
Bonie Shupe
Rewildist
Navigating the world of sustainable textiles can be a minefield of misinformation. A year ago, I was at a materials convention, joking about my idea for a "bambino" fabric—a luxurious bamboo merino blend—only to be told by a specialist that there was no way to make bamboo sustainably. I knew about closed-loop processes, but I wasn’t well-versed enough to counter the claim, and I felt foolish. That moment sent me on a mission. I started emailing brands that claimed they had bamboo lyocell, regularly demanding their certifications. It quickly became clear that many were not certified, and some later changed their fabric content after a few emails.
Today, I share my research on Bamboo sourcing and cut through the "greenwashing". I dive into the facts that the vast majority of "bamboo fabric" is a chemical-intensive rayon that many brands are now avoiding. But I also explore the exciting, verifiable alternative that is a promising middle ground and is changing the game: bamboo lyocell.
Companies leading the way, implementing the closed-loop lyocell process for bamboo, with a commitment to transparency and certifications like GOTS and Bluesign include:
@Movesgood
@W.ELL Fabric (Bao Lan Textile Co., Ltd.)
@Cariloha
@Triton Textiles
@OCOCHI
@Liahren
@Boody
I would love to hear from any specialists on this material. Do you have any additional information to add?
I’ll link to the Substack and blog in my links.
#SustainableTextiles #TextileConsultant #BambooFabric #BambooLyocell #SupplyChain #EthicalSourcing #Greenwashing
Sunil Kumar Puri C Text FTI
The Textile Institute
• 6K followers
My new book provides comprehensive insights into Fully Fashioned Garment Manufacturing, encompassing essential calculations for producing high-quality Flat Bed Knitting Machines utilizing Fully Fashioned Knitting Technology. Available globally in eBook, Paperback, and Hardcover formats, the book addresses all facets of sweater manufacturing, including yarn count, conversion methods, appropriate gauges for various yarn types, tactile qualities, cover factors, package density, measurement points, and calculations of hidden measurements. It also covers knitting data calculations for diverse styles and linking data, along with guidance on establishing specifications using Golden Ratios. This resource is indispensable for sweater manufacturing enterprises, aspiring manufacturers, and educational institutions specializing in knitting technology curricula.
Kat Dey
PLNTmatter
• 5K followers
I recently joined Isabelle Saxton on the Global Sustainable Network podcast to talk about something I care deeply about: why material innovation is the missing lever in climate action.
For years, the sustainability conversation in fashion and home has focused on downstream fixes — recycling, offsets, certifications. Those matter. But they don’t fundamentally change what our products are made of.
At PLNTmatter, we’re focused on rethinking how textiles are engineered — using plant-based inputs, safer chemistry, and scalable processes that reduce environmental harm without sacrificing performance. Because sustainability that compromises quality will never scale.
A few reflections from the conversation:
• Performance and sustainability are not trade-offs — they must coexist.
• Non-toxic chemistry isn’t a “nice to have” — it’s foundational.
• The biggest opportunity lies upstream, in material science.
• Incremental change won’t get us where we need to go.
I’m grateful to Isabelle for creating space for a nuanced conversation about what it actually takes to shift an industry.
If you’re building, investing in, or sourcing next-generation materials — I’d love to continue the dialogue.
You can watch the full conversation here: https://lnkd.in/gCYCvBM2
#MaterialInnovation #ClimateTech #SustainableTextiles #Nontoxic #MMCF
Joyce Tsoi
The University of Hong Kong
Kudos to the Cascale team who has contributed to the development and publication of this critical state of industry report on decarbonization progress using the aggregated verified Higg FEM data. I think not surprisingly the current industry outlook might look a bit gloomy right now and we have just 4 years left to hit 2030 near-term targets, I remain hopeful as we know our industry well, where and what we can act and accelerate change together, the core acceleration strategies or levers are 1. go beyond target settings; 2. integrate decarbonization with your business strategies and operations, have a holistic mid to long term plan on decarbonization, reduce reliance on coal and other fossil fuels; electrification to decarbonize heat, scale renewables technologies; 3. long-term brands and manufacturers' commitments and partnership; 4. enhance supply chain transparency: identify who are your upstream value chain partners in particular activate your tier 2 fabric producers; 5. collective financing and investment models where value chain partners and industry stakeholders can pool resources to share financial risks of transitioning to low carbon. I would encourage everyone to take collective actions with the industry together, talk to us, convince your senior leadership that this's the right thing to do, climate or decarbonization should remain a high priority for all despite continuous disruptions of the geopolitical uncertainities, trade policies that's impacting the supply chain operations.
Dominique Simard
4K followers
China’s journey toward a low-carbon future is accelerating! The opening of the first carbon-neutral textile factory shows how fast the country’s manufacturing landscape is transforming — moving from volume to value, from output to impact. A powerful reminder that sustainable leadership will emerge from China! 🇨🇳
Abhishek Yugal
StitchLens Strategic Partners
• 10K followers
After visiting 200+ apparel factories, one thing becomes clear very quickly.
Factories that scale successfully don’t necessarily work harder. They operate differently.
Over time, they build systems that bring stability, visibility and control into the way the factory runs. And once that happens, performance starts to sustain.
Across geographies and factory sizes, a few patterns consistently explain why many others struggle to reach that level.
One is growth without system design. Capacity gets added faster than the systems required to manage it. A factory moves from 12 lines to 30, takes on more styles and people — but continues with the same planning logic and control discipline. For a while, output grows. Then complexity catches up — missed plans, uneven lines, and firefighting becoming routine. Scale, without system design, eventually turns against the factory.
The second is planning that reacts more than it controls. A line starts the week with one style, only to be reshuffled mid-week as priorities shift. Styles are loaded before they are fully ready. “Urgency” becomes the planning principle. Over time, instability becomes normalised. Planning, in such environments, stops being a control system and becomes a reaction.
The third sits upstream, often unnoticed. Most factories measure efficiency at the sewing line, but a significant part of inefficiency is already created before sewing begins. Fabric is issued in excess, cutting plans don’t align with sewing requirements, bundles arrive out of sequence, and re-cuts quietly consume capacity. By the time the impact shows up on the line, the root cause is already behind.
The fourth is visibility. Most factories today have data — dashboards, reports, hourly tracking. Yet when something goes wrong, the response is delayed. Issues are reviewed at the end of the day, sometimes the next morning. Visibility becomes retrospective instead of actionable. And when decisions are late, even good systems lose effectiveness.
What is interesting is that these are not independent issues. They reinforce each other. Weak systems create instability. Reactive planning amplifies it. Upstream inefficiencies feed it. And lack of timely visibility allows it to continue.
The shift happens when factories stop treating these as isolated problems and start building systems around them — where planning stabilises, cutting supports flow, and visibility enables real-time control. That is when scale begins to behave differently.
Factories don’t fail to scale because they lack capability.
They fail because the system they operate within was never designed for it.
At StitchLens Strategic Partners LLP Strategic Partners, this is where most of our work is anchored — not in fixing individual issues, but in designing and implementing the systems that allow factories to scale with consistency.
M.S. Pradeep Aditya kumar
#ManagementConsulting #Consultant #Fashion #Apparel #GarmentManufacturing #Skills #LNOD #BusinessExcellence
Lydia Brearley
Sustainable Fashion School
• 40K followers
What are the top stories in sustainable fashion this week? ⬇️
1) In material news, a latest report from Polaris Market Research & Consulting, Inc. demonstrates that the bio-based textile market is expected to reach $17.31 billion by 2034 (valued at $5.80 billion in 2024 with a CAGR growth rate of 11.6%)
2) Bangladesh is the second largest apparel exporter (behind China) and growing - but a latest report highlights that water pollution from Bangladesh's growing textile industry is putting communities and supply chains at risk and requires more enforced water stewardship in the sector.
3) ZDHC (Zero Discharge of Hazardous Chemicals) has welcomed lingerie giant Triumph Group and Zalando as members. ZDHC is a multi stakeholder initiative which aims to eliminate the use and release of harmful chemicals across the textile, apparel, leather, and footwear value chain, and lead the industry's shift toward sustainable chemical management to protect human and planetary health.
4) US brand Gabriela Hearst has launched its latest 'Responsible Luxury Collection' - a recycled denim line which reportedly uses sustainable dyeing processes and a circular system for recycled water.
5) VEJA are rolling out their partnership with Prolong to offer customers a seamless and transparent repair journey under their mission to prioritise repair over replacement. The service launched in March, and by the end of the year Prolong will manage all of of Veja's after sales requests in France.
6) Following the initial insights from 'The Fashion ReModel' demonstration project, Ellen MacArthur Foundation launched 2 podcasts last week to explore how H&M Group is exploring circular business models in The Fashion ReModel (episode 187), and how outdoor apparel brand Arc'teryx Equipment are bringing repairs in-store. Well worth a listen 🎧 (links in comments)
7) The European Union is implementing a ban on the destruction of unsold textiles and footwear, as part of the Ecodesign for Sustainable Products Regulation (ESPR). This ban will initially apply to large companies starting in July 2026, with medium-sized companies facing the restriction from July 2030. Smaller businesses will be exempt. The goal is to reduce waste and promote a circular economy for textiles.
8) Congratulations to James Haycock and the team on the launch of BRiMM - a planet‑positive lifestyle collective, operating as a design‑led shop, journal, and community. BRiMM carefully curate and vet stylish, high‑quality products, from beauty and cleaning, to your weekly cooking stables.
🔗 Links to articles in comments.
Have a great week - and don't forget I'm taking a break for a few weeks so I'll be back in the middle of August.
Have a great summer! ☀️
Lydia
---
I’m Lydia - a former global fashion buyer turned sustainability insider. Each week, I cut through the noise to bring you the most important updates shaping the future of fashion. Follow for more.
Image: Veja
Jai Prakash
Mentorindia
The apparel industry is no longer just about fabric—it's about data, prediction, and personalization.
AI is revolutionizing fashion:
Predicting trends before they happen
Automating design and production
Reducing waste with demand forecasting
Enabling hyper-personalized shopping
Powering smart inventory & supply chains
At the intersection of creativity and code, AI is driving a new era of sustainable, scalable, and smart fashion.
Imagine a world where:
Every design is backed by data
Every order matches real-time demand
Every return is prevented before it happens
The future of apparel is circular, intelligent, and customer-first—and AI is the thread holding it all together.
#AIinFashion #SmartApparel #SustainableFashion #CircularEconomy #FashionTech #UNIVERCITI #FutureOfFashion #RetailRevolution #AIwithJP
Jody Wu
Kairos Fashion
The bottleneck between design and purchase...
“Why do orders stall even after samples look great?”
The answer usually isn’t the product.👉 It’s miscommunication.When design teams, suppliers, and clients aren't aligned on key details, things derail.
At #KairosFashion, we prioritize communication at every step:
🔸 Pre-sample alignment meetings
—to sync design intent, production feasibility, and client expectations.
🔸 Clear responsibilities at every checkpoint
—no assumptions, no finger-pointing.
🧠 The hardest part?
Bringing unspoken needs to light.
💬 That’s why we believe:
Early and clear communication= smoother orders+better partnerships.
#ProductDevelopment #DesignCommunication #SamplingProcess
#FashionManufacturing #SupplyChainSuccess #ClearCommunication #KairosFashion #B2Bfashion #AccessoriesIndustry
MeiLin Wan
GenuTrace, LLC.
• 8K followers
IT’S NOT ABOUT TRANSPARENCY. IT’S ABOUT PROOF.
As Germany tightens anti-greenwashing enforcement and #UFLPA scrutiny continues, brands are being asked a harder question:
Can you actually prove the cotton origin you claim?
That’s why GenuTrace, LLC. and Kinset are partnering—to connect fiber-level physical verification with digital, DPP-ready traceability, so claims can stand
up to real regulatory scrutiny.
For #cotton #textiles, #apparel, #footwear, and #hometextiles, #traceability is no longer a story. It’s about having proof—from fiber to finished product.
👉 Full press release see first comment below.
Dr Barbara Brockway Kelly Thompson 👩‍💻Ling Dong Heather Berry Angela K. Mone Katie O'Riordan Robert Antoshak Tobias Herzog Haelixa David McAlister Tricia Carey Shivam Gusain Jennifer Thompson Sarika Bajaj Laura Thornquist Michael Rosenhouse Akhi Akter Gerson Fajardo COTTON USA™ Cotton Incorporated Krista Rickman Nunzio De Filippis Libby Sommer Devin Steele Eric Hertzman Celeste Lilore Hilda McDuff David Uricoli Textile Exchange Fashion for Good World Economic Forum Better Cotton Initiative William (Toby) Usnik
Riya Chhabra
Best Finds Forever
The fashion industry continues to operate largely on a linear model: produce, consume, then discard. As production increases and trend cycles shorten, textile waste is growing at an alarming rate. Our circular mission Best Finds Forever offers an alternative. Instead of treating garments as disposable products, it focuses on extending the lifecycle of clothing through reuse, repair, resale, and upcycling. Each additional life cycle delays landfill waste, reduces pressure on raw resources, and slows unnecessary production.
Small initiatives play an important role in this transition. When garments are repaired, thrifted, or upcycled, their value is preserved and materials remain in circulation for longer.
Over the past few months, working with pre-loved garments, mending pieces, and redistributing surplus clothing has reinforced one thing: keeping clothing in use is one of the simplest and most effective steps toward a more responsible fashion system.
Circular fashion is a practical shift in how we produce, use, and value clothing.
#CircularFashion #TextileWaste #SustainableFashion #Upcycling #SlowFashion #CircularEconomy
Explore top content on LinkedIn
Find curated posts and insights for relevant topics all in one place.
View top content
Others named
Mexico
United States
2 others named Blake Mycoskie are on LinkedIn
See others named
