---
collected_at: 2026-04-08T02:29:53.379339+00:00
published_at: 
source_group: abc-com
source_id: article_abc-com_blake-mycoskie-shark-tank
source_type: web_article
title: Blake Mycoskie | Shark Tank
url: https://abc.com/cast/00efa1ff-4463-4f1d-bb29-82b05aa6c7c9
---

Skip to Content
ABOUT
Blake Mycoskie
Recurring Shark
Shark Biography
Blake Mycoskie is a serial entrepreneur, philanthropist and bestselling author most known for founding TOMS Shoes and is the person behind the idea of One for One®, a business model that helps a person in need with every product purchased.
A simple idea grew into a global movement: While traveling in Argentina in 2006, Mycoskie witnessed the hardships faced by children growing up without shoes. His solution to the problem was simple yet revolutionary: create a for-profit business that was sustainable and not reliant on donations. Mycoskie's vision soon turned into the simple business idea that provided the powerful foundation for TOMS. Since its inception, TOMS Shoes has provided almost 96 million pairs of shoes to children around the globe.
In 2014, after selling half of the company to Bain Capital, Mycoskie stepped down as CEO of TOMS. Utilizing half of his proceeds, he started the Social Entrepreneurship Fund to help early startups with core social missions get off the ground with much-needed funding. Since then, he has invested in over 25 social enterprises.
Mycoskie went on to realize for the first time in 18 years, he wasn't actively starting or growing a company. During this transition period, a new mission was born. In spring 2020, Mycoskie co-founded his newest company, Madefor. A 10-month program that applies the principles of modern neuroscience, psychology and physiology to make the brain and body better. Created alongside scientists from Stanford, Harvard and other top universities, Madefor helps people learn and sustain positive habits and practices that have the greatest impact on their lives.
As a New York Times bestselling author of the 2011 book "Start Something That Matters"—which offered his own story of inspiration and the power of incorporating giving in business—this summer, Mycoskie is releasing a series of interactive lessons called "Next Steps: The 8 Greatest Lessons I Learned at TOMS." Mycoskie is offering these lessons, which will also include exclusive access to weekly private video discussions with himself.
Mycoskie has achieved numerous accolades for his unique approach to business including the Secretary of State's 2009 Award of Corporate Excellence, 2015 Next Generation Award from Harvard's School of Public Health, 2016 Cannes Lion Heart Award and 2018 amfAR Award of Courage. He has also been featured in People Magazine in the "Heroes Among Us" section and in Fortune Magazine's "40 Under 40," among others. Mycoskie also recently expanded his philanthropic efforts to include the funding of the Center for Psychedelic and Consciousness Research at Johns Hopkins, making it the first such research center in the U.S. and the largest of its kind in the world.
Born and raised in Texas, Mycoskie now resides in Jackson, Wyoming, with his family, dogs and horses. In his free time, he can be found outside enjoying nature whether it is rock climbing, surfing or snowboarding.
For more information:
www.blakemycoskie.com
Meet the Cast
Barbara Corcoran
Shark
Lori Greiner
Robert Herjavec
Daymond John
Daniel Lubetzky
Kevin O'Leary
Shark Tank
Cast
Follow Shark Tank:
