---
collected_at: 2026-04-08T02:29:53.379339+00:00
published_at: 
source_group: modernluxury-com
source_id: article_modernluxury-com_blake-mycoskie-s-enough-mental-health-movement-inspires-healing
source_type: web_article
title: Blake Mycoskie's ENOUGH: Mental Health Movement Inspires Healing
url: https://www.modernluxury.com/blake-mycoskie-toms/
---

Blake Mycoskie Launches ENOUGH: A Mental Health Movement Born from His Post-TOMS Turning Point
The TOMS founder opens up about his mental health journey, redefining success, and why reminding people they are “enough” has become his life’s mission.
By
Laura Eckstein Jones
February 10, 2026
Photo by Chris Orwig
After selling TOMS, you went through a period of depression that became a turning point. What did that experience reveal, and how did it lead to launching
ENOUGH
During my period of depression and mental health journey, I discovered it all boiled down to one thing: not feeling like I was enough. I achieved so many things; in many people’s eyes, I was successful, but I still wasn’t feeling fulfilled. I started doing the work and looking inward to discover my purpose. Eventually, I was able to start healing and feeling like I am, and always have been, enough. This showed me that my next purpose was to work to help others who have been suffering.
How would you describe ENOUGH, and what gap do you hope it fills?
It is a lifestyle brand and cultural intervention inspired by my personal mental health journey. It was created to ignite conversation and show support for others who are struggling by reminding them they are enough. It is not a traditional nonprofit, but a business wholly owned by a nonprofit. In this format, we get the best of both worlds: the creativity, speed, and cultural reach of a brand, with the permanent accountability of a charity.
What does this format ensure?
It guarantees that every after-tax dollar of profit is legally bound to mental health programs, without ever needing to fundraise a penny. To create a daily reminder that you are enough, the brand launched with the ENOUGH bracelet, available in a two-pack, with 100% of the profits going to mental health organizations, including National Alliance on Mental Illness (NAMI), Project Healthy Minds and Active Minds.
Mental health struggles can be difficult to discuss. How would you like ENOUGH to help?
It helps when you know that you’re not alone in feeling that way. I hope that ENOUGH encourages people to show up for themselves and their loved ones, and to recognize that it’s okay to not feel okay.
With ENOUGH’s recent launch in January, what would success look like to you, beyond funds raised?
For me, ENOUGH goes beyond financial impact. It’s a cultural intervention that highlights one simple truth: we are enough. The goal is to create a conversation about mental health and build a community so people know they aren’t alone, no matter what they’re going through.
Share This Article:
Filed under:
Brands
Entrepreneurs
Launches
Wellness
Receive the best of Modern Luxury in your inbox.
What's Next
The Winter Show Connoisseur's Night
The Latest on Modern Luxury
9 Jelly Sandals Worth Adding to Your Closet
From nostalgic throwbacks to runway-approved statements, jelly sandals are officially having a major moment. Equal parts playful and polished, these styles bring a fresh, fashion-forward twist to your warm-weather wardrobe—perfect for everything from beach days to city strolls.
Inside Chanel’s New Boca Raton Boutique
9 Contrast Stitching Jeans That Add Instant Edge This Spring
16 Zebra Print Must-Haves Bringing Bold Style Back
Load More
