---
collected_at: 2026-04-08T02:29:53.379339+00:00
published_at: 
source_group: weareenough-co
source_id: article_weareenough-co_enough-on-women-wear-daily
source_type: web_article
title: Enough on Women Wear Daily
url: https://weareenough.co/blogs/stories/enough-on-wwd
---

01.5.2026
Enough on Women Wear Daily
In Women’s Wear Daily, founder Blake Mycoskie shares the personal story behind ENOUGH—a venture inspired by his own mental health journey and built to spark conversation, encourage connection, and remind...
Toms Founder Blake Mycoskie Is Back With ‘Enough’ Venture Focusing on Mental Health Awareness
by: Vicki M. Young   |   WWD  |   Published on
January 5, 2026, 12:35pm
Toms
founder
Blake Mycoskie
is back with a new venture, one that is personal and inspired by his own mental health journey.
Enough is Mycoskie’s new non-profit brand, which is dedicated to giving back to mental health organizations.
For the past several months, the
founder has been vocal on social media about his struggles with depression he sold the brand in 2014. During his journey and recovery, Mycoskie said he learned that his mental health boiled down to one thing: not feeling like he was enough.
Mycoskie founded Enough as a way to both ignite conversation and show support for others who are also struggling by reminding them that they are enough.
The brand is selling Enough bracelets at Wearenough.org beginning on Tuesday. Sold as a two-pack at $58 in the color green, the official mental health awareness color, the intent is to encourage gifting to a friend as a reminder that the healing journey doesn’t happen alone. The bracelet is handmade in India, where Mycoskie spent time during his own healing process.
Enough is giving 100 percent of the profits from all sales to nonprofit groups that include National Alliance on Mental Health, Project Healthy Minds, and Active Minds.
Mycoskie founded Toms in 2006, and sold 50 percent of his firm to Bain Capital in 2014. He left the company in 2019 after it was taken over by creditors.
Toms, a pioneer in the purpose-driven brand arena, developed a slip-on version of the Alpargata, a popular Argentinian shoe style. The original vision was to provide a new pair of free shoes to children in developing nations for every pair sold in the North American market.
In an interview with Footwear News in 2016, Mycoskie discussed the Toms formula. “It was this cool idea: We could help these kids we’d met on a trip to Argentina and it would be fun. We were focused on that aspect of it. We weren’t thinking it could make money. Then it became the biggest
business
I could ever start and will ever start,” he said.
As for the Tom’s other social initiatives under Mycoskie’s leadership, the company in November 2018 took a
stand on gun
control coupled with financial backing and a social media push behind gun violence.
Originally Published on WWD
More
Stories
ENOUGH on Good Day LA
Spent the morning with Good Day LA. Grateful for the space to share why reminders matter - and how something small can help shift culture in a big way.
When "Not Enough" Shows Up by Meg Josephson
“Not enough” thoughts popping up? It happens. Here’s a gentle practice to help you notice them and move through them.
ENOUGH on NBC News Now
In a conversation with NBC News Now, Blake reflects on ENOUGH’s mission, self-worth, and the important work being done by partners, including Project Healthy Minds, Active Minds, and NAMI.
ENOUGH on People.com
In an exclusive People.com interview, Blake Mycoskie opens up about navigating depression after leaving TOMS, losing his sense of purpose, and how that deeply personal journey led him to create...
Enough on Forbes
In a Forbes article, our founder Blake Mycoskie reflects on identity, purpose, and what it means to build success without tying self-worth to achievement—echoing the core belief behind ENOUGH: that...
Enough on CBS Mornings
Our founder, Blake Mycoskie, sat down with Gayle King on CBS Mornings to share the story behind ENOUGH and our belief that reminders—when worn and shared—can help shift culture and...
A Father's Reminder by Garrett Gee
Even the bravest hearts need reassurance. Garrett Gee, from The Bucket List Family, gives his daughter a gift that speaks to every young person learning who they are.
I See You by IN-Q
"I See You," a special poem written and performed by IN-Q, gives a voice to what so many of us feel but struggle to articulate.
Write a Self-Compassion Letter by Kristin Neff
This simple writing exercise helps you notice self-doubting thoughts and approach your inner fears with compassion instead of judgment.
More Stories
