---
collected_at: 2026-04-08T01:40:49.427728+00:00
published_at: Thu, 02 Oct 2025 00:46:54 GMT
source_group: substack
source_id: substack_i-thought-i-was-a-peacock-but-im
source_type: substack_post
title: I thought I was a Peacock, but I’m a Woodpecker
url: https://nomagicpills.substack.com/p/i-thought-i-was-a-peacock-but-im
---

Welcome to the first post of No Magic Pill ~ a space for stories, reflections, and tools that help us reconnect to what really matters.

I used to think my spirit animal had to be something obvious.
A wolf, maybe. Or a panther. Or even a peacock - bright, admired, unforgettable.
The kind of animal people look at and go, “Wow.”
And if I’m being honest, I wanted to be a “wow” animal. I wanted that to be my reflection. That kind of power. That kind of presence.
Then I took a few mushrooms and went on a nature hike in a National Park with two dear friends.
We were in a safe container. The kind of container that makes you feel held enough to fall inward. And that was the intention - not to chase wild visuals or have some mind-blowing trip, but to reconnect.
To the forest.
To the medicine.
To myself.
We saw everything on that walk - sloths up close, anteaters, birds I couldn’t even name.
It was like nature had decided to throw a parade just for us.
And every animal we encountered was majestic in its own way. Gorgeous. Otherworldly.
But none of them hit me.
Not in the soul.
Until the woodpecker.
I looked through the binoculars, and it was like lightning and love and laughter all hit at the same time.
My whole body lit up - this weird, wild full-body pulse - and I just started laughing .
Like hysterical, childlike, “Oh my god I finally get it” laughing.
Because I knew.
I wasn’t a wolf.
I wasn’t a peacock.
I wasn’t even trying to be anymore.
I was a woodpecker.
And not in some symbolic, spiritual way.
Like, literally , I looked at this bird and went, “Holy shit. That’s me.”
The red mohawk. The focus. The rhythm. The simplicity. The joy.
We even have a matching haircut.
But more than that - it was how the woodpecker moved through the world that cracked something open in me.
That steady, repeated knock. Not flashy. Not trying to be anything other than exactly what it is.
Just focused.
Just alive.
Just doing its sacred work.
That’s what I do when I’m at my happiest.
I find something I care about - some piece of wood, some vision, some calling - and I just go after it.
Not aggressively. Not with ego. But with rhythm. With love.
With a kind of trust in my own beat.
When I’m pecking, I’m happy.
When I have a project or purpose or mission I can sink into, I don’t need the spotlight. I don’t need applause.
I just need to wake up, show up, and tap tap tap my way into something deeper.
And that moment with the woodpecker, in the middle of that trip, was like the most humbling and hilarious homecoming.
Because I’d spent so much of my life thinking I needed to be one of the grand animals.
One of the admired ones. The obvious ones.
But the mushrooms had other plans.
They cracked open my chest and whispered, “You’re a woodpecker. And that’s more than enough.”
I didn’t find my spirit animal that day.
I remembered it.
And I’ve been laughing in gratitude ever since.

Grateful you’re here. No Magic Pill is about real stories, science, and the search for meaning - hit subscribe to stay connected.
