---
collected_at: 2026-04-08T01:40:49.427728+00:00
published_at: Wed, 17 Dec 2025 19:34:42 GMT
source_group: substack
source_id: substack_the-truth-showed-up-between-the-shots
source_type: substack_post
title: The Truth Showed Up Between the Shots
url: https://nomagicpills.substack.com/p/the-truth-showed-up-between-the-shots
---

I’m not sure I would’ve said this out loud a year ago.
But I’m different now. The journey I’ve been on with my mental health… it’s changed me. Or maybe it just stripped everything away that wasn’t me, and I’m finally seeing who’s actually been here the whole time.
Thanks for reading No Magic Pill by Blake Mycoskie! Subscribe for free to receive new posts and support my work.

Yesterday I had a portrait shoot in Santa Barbara with my friend and photography mentor Chris Orwig. We’re getting ready to launch something in January (I’m not saying much publicly yet), and I needed a new headshot. Something current. Something honest. Something more me.
Chris brought along our mutual friend Brandon von Guenthner to assist who always raises the vibration on our shoots. We wandered from location to location, chasing light, testing angles. And Chris was pumped—he kept catching these shots and saying, “That’s it! That’s the shot.”
But inside?
I wanted to be the one holding the camera.
I smiled. I posed. I tried to stay present. But the whole time, there was this feeling creeping up my spine. It wasn’t resistance, exactly. More like recognition.
Being in front of the lens is a very different experience than being behind it, and over the past year I have grown much more comfortable and excited NOT being the one in the spotlight.
What I love now—what makes me feel completely and undeniably alive—is seeing people. Not “noticing” them. Really seeing them. Feeling who they are. Listening without needing to fix anything. Asking the kind of question that cracks a window they’ve kept closed for decades. Waiting for the moment their eyes soften. The second their guard drops. That tiny shift when their soul steps forward and says, “I feel seen and this feels good”
That’s the shot I want.
That’s the work I’m supposed to do.
And here’s the tricky part: I know I still have to be in front of the camera.
This next project I’m launching—it’s tied to my story. My pain. My healing. My truth. If I’m asking people to talk about their mental health publicly, I’ve got to be willing to do the same. There’s no workaround. It’s part of the deal.
So yeah, I’ll be doing videos for social. I’ll be telling my story. I’ll be promoting the work.
But if I’m not balancing that with time behind the camera—interviewing amazing people for the podcast, photographing people I love, capturing the quiet beauty in someone else’s face—I start to lose the part of me that actually healed.
Because that’s where the real shift happened for me. Over the past year, stepping out of my own spotlight and into the role of witness has changed everything. I learned how to hold space. To shut up and let someone unravel. To wait longer than is comfortable. To frame someone in a way that lets them see their own light.
I’m still learning, honestly. But I know this much:
The old me needed attention.
This version of me needs connection.
Big Difference.
And I only got here by slowing down. Writing every day. Sitting with the uncomfortable shitinstead of trying to outwork it. Journaling my confusion, my resistance, my gratitude. Every morning. No skipping.
That’s what led to yesterday’s moment of clarity.
So here’s what I want to leave you with:
What part of your life feels lopsided right now? What’s gotten too loud? What’s gotten too quiet?
And are you taking a little time every day to reflect on the prior day’s experience?
Not in the car. Not between meetings or making lunches.
But just… pen to paper. Breathing. Feeling.
Because I promise you, what you’re meant to do next or the lesson your soul is wanting you to learn is probably hiding in what you’ve experiencing. You just haven’t slowed down enough to see it yet.
Anyway. That’s what the camera taught me yesterday. And my prayer is that by sharing it, someone might have an equally aha moment that aids them in their journey.
Carpe Diem
Blake
Lover of Life

Thanks for reading No Magic Pill by Blake Mycoskie! Subscribe for free to receive new posts and support my work.
