---
collected_at: 2026-04-08T01:40:49.427728+00:00
published_at: Thu, 09 Oct 2025 13:28:57 GMT
source_group: substack
source_id: substack_when-the-ego-gets-bored-it-starts
source_type: substack_post
title: When the Ego Gets Bored, it Starts a Fire
url: https://nomagicpills.substack.com/p/when-the-ego-gets-bored-it-starts
---

I had a realization this week that felt like somebody finally pulled back the curtain on an illusion I’d been falling for my whole life. My ego can’t survive without problems. It literally feeds on them. And when there aren’t enough real problems around, it goes out and manufactures new ones just so it has something to chew on.
The truth hit me during a beautiful session with a healer I have been seeing as part of my ongoing recovery from depression. We were talking about the cycles I’ve gone through: success, chaos, drama, depression, and most recently peace. He said something that stuck: “The ego needs something to fix.” I felt that in my gut. Because looking back, so many of the “problems” I’ve carried weren’t just bad luck or fate. I created them. My ego set the fire, then handed me a bucket of water and told me I was a hero for putting it out.

How I Complicated My Life After TOMS
When I sold TOMS, I thought I was giving myself freedom. Unknowingly, what I did afterwards was build a prison of complexity. I built a massive house that required staff. I filled that house and other homes I owned with more stuff than I could ever use, and then I worried constantly about keeping it all working. If a gate broke in one house, it became a “problem” I had to attend to. If the staff in another house wasn’t getting along, I jumped in like it was my job to fix it.
It was like I handed my ego an endless to-do list disguised as luxury. And it loved it. It was busy, relevant, needed. But I (meaning my true self) was miserable, and it led to my first of many depressive episodes to come.
It wasn’t just the material stuff. My personal life became extremely complex as well, and ultimately created lots of unnecessary drama. Every bit of tension was fuel for my ego. It kept me constantly busy “managing” problems that I had, if I’m honest, created in the first place. And it didn’t just affect me it caused a lot of problems and pain to those I loved in the process.
The Ego’s Favorite Trick
Eckhart Tolle calls this the “pain-body.” Carl Jung said it another way: “Until you make the unconscious conscious, it will direct your life and you will call it fate.” That line wrecked me, because that’s exactly what I was doing. I was blaming fate when really it was me, or more accurately, my ego stirring things up just so it had a job.
The trap from this way of living is subtle: the ego convinces you you’re solving problems, when really it’s keeping itself alive. Without tension, without drama, without some fire to put out, it doesn’t know who it is. And I see now how much of my adult life was built around giving it those fires.
The Great Simplification
Over the past year, I’ve been dismantling all that complexity. I simplified my living situation. I don’t have all the staff. I stopped buying things that turned into responsibilities. I stopped saying yes to anything that created drama or unnecessary tension.
It wasn’t easy. At first, my ego hated it. Without chaos, it got restless, and something in me felt like it was dying. I could almost feel it pacing, looking for something to stir up to stay alive. But slowly, I started to notice something: as the external complexity shrank, so did the grip my ego had on me, and what resulted was so much more energy for creativity, entrepreneurship, and service.
These days my life is much simpler. I’ve got fewer things, less problems to solve, and a clear purpose. And in that simplicity, there’s peace. The ego still shows up, trying to invent problems out of thin air, but I see it now. I can laugh at it instead of letting it run the show.
Where I’m Headed
I’m not writing this as someone who’s figured it all out. My ego still tries to pick fights, stir up tension, keep itself alive. But I’m onto it now. And every time I choose simplicity over complexity, awareness over autopilot, laughter over shame, I feel lighter.
So my experiment is this: live with less, laugh more, and stop setting fires just so I can play the hero. I don’t need to be constantly busy to be alive. I don’t need problems to prove I exist.
Peace isn’t found when you solve every problem - it’s found when you stop needing them.

Grateful you’re here. No Magic Pill is about real stories, science, and the search for meaning - hit subscribe to stay connected.
