---
collected_at: 2026-04-08T01:40:49.427728+00:00
published_at: Sat, 10 Jan 2026 00:03:08 GMT
source_group: substack
source_id: substack_i-had-everything-it-still-wasnt-enough
source_type: substack_post
title: I Had Everything. It Still Wasn’t Enough.
url: https://nomagicpills.substack.com/p/i-had-everything-it-still-wasnt-enough
---

I’m not a therapist. Nor am I an expert on depression.
But I am someone who experienced depression so intensely that I planned to take my own life about 18 months ago.
It was shortly after I sold TOMS Shoes. From the outside, my life looked amazing. But inside, everything had collapsed. Almost overnight, it felt like I had lost everything that mattered to me: my company, my purpose, my sense of community.
Thankfully, I didn’t act on my plan.
Looking back now, I see that period of depression through a different lens.
It wasn’t something that happened to me. It was something that happened for me.
It forced me to wake up. To go within and finally face the core wound I’d been carrying for my entire life, and that was I never felt that I was “enough”
And it challenged me to make the changes necessary to live the life I wanted, not the life I thought others expected of me.
For this reason, I am grateful for my depression. Not for the pain, but for what it revealed.
It’s what led me to who I am now.
But it almost took everything I had to get here. I had to dismantle the programming I’d been running for my entire life. And the further inward I went, the more I questioned.
It was terrifying.
I had built my whole identity around the belief that my achievements were what made me worthy.
Growing up, I was a top tennis player. Always chasing the next trophy.
In my twenties, I was building businesses. Always looking for the next big opportunity.
In my early thirties, I started TOMS and created the One for One movement, a new model of conscious capitalism.
That gave me a different kind of purpose. I experienced the joy of giving over 100 million pairs of shoes to children in need. I built a company I was proud of, received awards and recognition, wrote a bestselling book, and eventually sold TOMS for more money than I ever thought possible.
Then I did what most people do when they “make it.”
I built the dream house.
Took up extravagant hobbies.
Traveled the world.
Chased adventure after adventure.
From the outside, I had it all.
But the truth was:
It all had me.
None of it brought me the peace I craved, which made me feel even worse.
Yet, I kept altering my external circumstances, hoping something would click.
I moved. I changed relationships. I stayed busy. I gave tens of millions of dollars away. I distracted myself in every possible way.
Eventually, my soul had had enough. And it got my attention in the most dramatic way possible: by making me so depressed that I wanted to end my life.
Thankfully, I reached out for help instead. My friends, family, and therapist lifted me up and helped me get the treatment I needed.
During my stay at a treatment facility, I read a book called Thank God for Depression that ultimately became my roadmap.
It helped me reframe my depression not as a failure, but as a signal: a call to transform how I was living.
That work led me to finally identify the core wound driving my behavior.
The belief, beneath it all, that I am not enough.
Once I recognized that, I could begin to heal it.
I committed to a 40-day meditation practice designed to rewire that belief. It was the hardest thing I’ve ever done. It was also the most transformational.
In that stillness, I heard a voice inside me, loud and clear: Use your story and your resources to help others not feel this way.
I didn’t hear that as an idea. I heard it as a responsibility.
I had access to help when I needed it most. I had resources, reach, and a story shaped by both success and suffering. Ignoring that didn’t feel like an option.
ENOUGH was my way of answering that call.
A reminder to every single person that they are enough and always have been.
A shift toward a culture where self-worth is not defined by external achievements.
And a commitment to help make support and care more accessible to others by donating 100% of the profits from ENOUGH products to mental health organizations.
It starts with a simple, hand-beaded bracelet. Green, for its connection to mental health awareness. I wear mine every day as a reminder of who I am when I stop trying to prove myself. They come in pairs on purpose. One stays with you. The other is meant to be given away. Because we never really know who needs to hear this, or when it might matter most.
There is something powerful about that moment of connection. Of being seen simply for who you are.
For me, that’s really what it’s all about.
And if I’m honest, it’s also about continuing to remind myself of my own worth.
Because if I’ve learned anything on this journey, it’s that enough isn’t a destination you arrive at, it’s something you practice every day.
Blake
Thanks for reading No Magic Pill by Blake Mycoskie! Subscribe for free to receive new posts and support my work.
